# GHOST TEMPLES // DESPAIR
**Despair** refers to the downfall or disappearance of a ghost, be it a newly born ghost or a Settler carrying a legacy, although it most commonly happens to Settlers and Higher Guardians. The best examples for the **Despair** cycle is the disappearance of *Cziskvelén*, leaving behind his respective legacy, as well as the disappearance of *Vászi* afterwards, in the goal to fulfil his duty of completing the *Legacy of Cziskvelén*, and promptly carried his duties over to the newly recruited Higher Guardians before setting foot for his journey.

## // VÁSZI
### Prologue
*// POV: Marten* 

It's been a few weeks since the ceremony already. Sóvis and I both were granted Guardianship, but ever since it felt like we were bombarded with new duties. Back when Vászi was still showing us the ropes and guiding us through our future destiny, he said that we'd start out lightly. And despite that, Sóvis and I both knew that that promise was broken. \
I'd looked through the archives in the Temple's library, with every symbol staring at my back, judging me as I skimmed through every past and present Guardian. I'd seen names I recognised, but mostly names that I'd never heard of before, until I spotted my own name near the tail end of the entry. I mumbled to myself, *"What on Earth is a Higher Guardian?"*, having spotted the title next to my own name, as well as Sóvis's entry. I continued to skim through the pages, knowing that the judgemental eyes of the higher spirits were looking down on me as I rushed through more and more pages, trying to find a reason as to why we were given this many duties this early on.

My attention was broken as I heard a knock on the door, followed by the soft creaking of the door opening. Behind the door stood an older man, dressed in the same attire that Vászi always wears, as I suddenly recognised who it was that had entered the library. *"Settler Matéis! What brings you to Vestia?"* I asked in surprise, setting aside any questions I had as to how he travelled all the way to our Temple. \
**"Vászi told me about your.. disagreement.. of your new Guardian duties."** \
Matéis carefully closed the door behind him, and carefully took off his majestic Settler's mantle, hanging his jacket over the adjacent chair, revealing his pitch-black harness. With a gentle nod, out of respect and understanding, I wait for him to continue. \
**"Both Vászi and I understand that it's rough for you.. especially for Sóvis.. to be put up with these duties so soon after your ceremony. That's why I've come to explain why this is the case."** With a short cough, Matéis begins to explain, reciting the legacy of Cziskvelén and Vászi and the settlement of the Temple of Vestia, and Cziskvelén's settlement of the Temple of Álusken with Matéis himself many years ago. But after this quick rundown, he began to explain why Cziskvelén promptly vanished so soon after the Temple of Álusken was settled and built. **"He claimed he sought to find the Spirit Temple himself, the very own.. first temple that fell so long ago. Cziskvelén was reborn there, many.. many years ago, long before even I had become a Guardian of my own."** I nodded respectfully, getting a clear picture in my mind of everything that had passed, but still struggling to understand how it tied down to the increased duties Sóvis and I now had, and why it felt like Vászi would soon leave the Temple himself. \
As if Matéis read my mind, he gave a gentle smile, gazing deeply into my eyes as he brought his mask above the table, revealing how it's worn down after so many years. I hadn't seen Matéis since years ago when he brought a visit together with Guardian Géirréi. After placing down his mask, Matéis continued to explain, giving me the impression that he was almost done. **"What I'm trying to explain, Marten.. is that after all these years that we believed Cziskvelén fell and became a lost spirit, I picked up a signal from him, far out in the Morrésik mountains, even beyond Mónsan. Vászi pledged to Cziskvelén that.. after he took his leave from Álusken, he would follow him wherever he would be, promising that he 'Would never leave his mentor fall'"** 

Placing his hands flat on the table, Matéis let out another short cough, indirectly letting me know that he was done speaking. Gulping, I struggled to find the right words to respond with, still processing the immense legacy that he had just told me. *"So, in short, Vászi gave us these extra duties because he would take his leave to go on a voyage to find Cziskvelén? Is that why we were immediately promoted to Higher Guardians?"* I asked with a tremble in my voice, now feeling the immense pressure from above, knowing that I would soon share the role of Temple Guardian with Sóuvis so soon after becoming Guardians at all. With a gentle nod, Matéis replied. **"Indeed, that's why Vászi was so keen on teaching you two the ropes.. he knew he couldn't let Cziskvelén's signal be, but neither could he leave the Temple be."**

Putting together all the papers and entries I skimmed through, I slowly stood up from the chair, feeling the pressure growing as I know knew what was to come, whether it was soon or later. While Matéis slowly stood up as well, I put every entry in their respective section in the library, before I turned around, facing Matéis, who had already put on his mantle and mask back on. *"M-Matéis, thank you for informing me, I-"* I tried to say to him, before being abruptly cut off as he raised his hand, telling me to speak no further. **"Don't worry, Guardian Marten. Even if you may be inexperienced, whenever you might need help, send me a signal. Vászi explained you how to, and once you do, I will be here within the blink of an eye."** He told me kindly, his voice giving off a neutral, but understanding tone. Opening the door slowly, I followed quickly after him, already seeing him disappear into the distance of the hallway. As I waved him goodbye, I turned to the other end, carefully closing the door to the library behind me, hearing his voice echo through the hall as his steps came to a stop. **"Marten. Have a safe passage to Morrésik."** he said, before stepping around the corner, his presence within the temple disappearing soon afterwards.

As soon as I felt the presence of Matéis leave the Temple, I gradually made my way back to the dorms, where everyone stayed overnight. Originally, Temples used to be simple shrines that would serve as a collective outpost for fellow ghosts to rest at, pray at, or meet others at. But ever since that age, Vászi told me that it quickly became a blooming village, growing out into a town. More and more ghosts began to appear, just like I had, like Snow had, and everyone else that did before and after our times. I smiled proudly just thinking about it. Even if it was beyond me, I still felt that feeling of accomplishment loom over me, knowing that I was part of something so fascinating. But my smile quickly disappeared as I remembered what was to come, Vászi would leave the Temple, meaning that soon enough, I would be the Guardian of this Temple, this little town of ours. 

With a gulp, I realised I stood at the exit for several minutes, as I took a deep breath and took my leave from the Library again. Closing the door behind me, I heard someone call for my name, recognising him as a former Guardian apprentice as well. *"Marten! Marten! A czi!"* he called out, waving his hands frantically to draw my attention, as I quickly made my way towards him, as he did towards me. With a quick handshake, he smiled passionately and full of life, presenting his music stand right behind him with what I presumed to be his partner and another friend. *"Marten, mi cz-ést, Átom! Kumpleáu kún-edelárkem!"* he told me, congratulating me on my Guardianship. With a smile, and many more minutes later, we caught up together since it'd been weeks since we last saw each other at our Guardian apprenticeship with Vászi. He hadn't told me before, but he had decided to not continue to strive to be a Guardian, meeting his partner and instead choosing to continue his lifelong, even before his Rebirth, passion of becoming a musician. 

After we caught up, I continued to make my way home, already beginning to forget what Átom and I even spoke about with the looming pressure of the Higher Spirits quickly resurfacing on my shoulders. I began to worry. Vászi had many, many years of experience under his belt, knowing exactly how to manage and how to approach certain situations. He knew exactly how to handle a Rebirth, how to approach a ghost and save them before collapsing under their own stress, amnesia, it all felt like it would be too much for me to do on my own, or even with Sóvis by my side. \
I counted the steps below me, my head faced downwards, seeing my own reflection in the little puddles that formed on the road. With a deep sigh, I felt like giving up and letting go right on the spot, before hearing a door open to my left, a very familiar voice calling for my name. *"Marten! Where are you going?"* I hear Snow call from our front door, realising I got so lost in my head that I walked straight past our home, as I promptly turn around to face Snow, who already made her way towards me. *"You get lost in your mind way too quickly, Marten, let's get you warmed up indoors."* She says with a wide smile on her face, leading me through our front door as one last thought stays in my mind, recalling the last thing Matéis had told me before I felt his presence disappear from the temple.

**"Bring Snow with you to Morrésik, Marten. Give her the chance to say farewell."**
 
### Vászi's Last Dance
// Requires a proper lead to the current first paragraph
*// POV: Snow* 

Chasing after Vászi, I struggled to keep my breath stable as he continued to veer off into the distance. I yelled for his name, my feet sinking deeper into the snow, as the clouds seemed to get thicker and thicker. I felt like I was going to pass out, but I didn't want to let go, not now. The only person who gave me a second chance greater than anything a person could dream of, the only person who could've revived me from death, I wouldn't let go of him so easily.  

He suddenly stood still. Struggling to take further steps, I felt Marten's hand press against my back, as I turned to my left to face him. With a quick glance and nod to me, he faced back to Vászi, a stern look in his eyes as they began to faintly glow in an amber colour. With his hand on my back, I felt him slowly begin to warm me up, understanding he was using his healing pulse to give me the extra strength I need to step through the ever thickening snow.  
  
With a swift step, Vászi turns around, his pale, white, and snow-covered mask gazing deeply at us. With a gentle, but booming voice that pierced through the loudness of the strong winds, he spoke to us both. **"You have no interest in following me. This is a duty I alone need to fulfil."** With one hand behind his back, his other hand summoned the Blade of Cziskvelén, as I gasped in both shock and awe. He wouldn't dare to try and kill us right here, right now, he couldn't do such thing!  
Feeling Marten's hand let go of my back, while his eyes continued to glow even brighter, he wasted no time to respond. With his fists clenched, he broke the returned silence. *"You've given me and Sóvis so many of your duties already, how come we can't aid you here?"* As Vászi raised the Blade up high, I already felt tears dwell up in my eyes as the particles began to form and settle on the Blade, which could only mean one thing in my eyes: He'd strike the blade. Collapsing forward as my emotions swing out of control, I try to keep myself composed, to keep myself calm, even in this cold.  

Marten's healing hand returned to my back in an effort to calm me, as the Blade slowly lifted Vászi upwards, as he spoke once more. **"It seems you misunderstand my intentions, Snow. This isn't your end, nor is it mine."** With the chime of a church bell, the light from the heavens struck down on Vászi, channelled through the Blade, as the Guarding Light formed around us in a shallow dome. He kept the Blade raised upwards, as the same particles returned within the dome, facing the same direction and forming a line towards the northwest. As if he was performing a dance, he moved the Blade in the direction the particles were forming in, keeping his eyes locked onto ours as he spoke one last time, a hint of fear in his very own voice. **"I'm sorry I cannot give a proper goodbye. I must fulfil my duty, my promise. I must find Cziskvelén."** With a tremble in his voice, he broke the stare between us three, and faced towards the northwest with his eyes down the Blade. With a momentary pause, he whispers to himself, in hopes Cziskvelén could hear him from this far away. **"Ne m-interéség dóje v-ést, Cziskvelén. Sed vin me skulle féinne. He vin lóvíg."** 

The heavenly light gradually curved and switched directions, channelling through Vászi to the Blade, leaving behind tremors deep within the ground beneath us as cracks in the ridge began to form. Up until now, I hadn't noticed Vászi was standing on the edge of a cliff, a ravine right before him, as the cracks worsened. Setting aside every fear I had, I lifted myself out of the snow, the fire in my eyes and tail igniting as I forced myself to leap forward, feeling Marten's healing pulse from afar, giving me all the extra strength possible as I hear another chime of a bell, leaving the ground full of tremors and trembles. With a loud crack, I'm caught off guard, the fire on my tail waving in an unstable way, my eyes already reducing their glow, as I watch the nightmare unfold before me.

Crawling over to the edge, I reach my hand out, my ears rested flat on my head as the Blade cuts through the other side of the mountain, quickly losing its strength and brightness. Tears streamed down my eyes, the burning Blade quickly disintegrating while the white coat of Vászi gracefully falls down. *"Vászi!! No!!"* I scream at the top of my lungs, my emotions having swung out of control, helplessly staring down at the white dot getting increasingly smaller while my ears pick up Marten approaching me. Glancing over the edge together, we suddenly notice the white coat vanished, just like the Blade. 

For a moment, Marten and I stare at each other in pure silence, my tears exposed to the icy wind, before he breaks the silence. "*You saw that too, haven't you? His coat, the Blade, they vanished. He's not gone, Snow, he's still out there, he has to be."* With a worried smile, he rests his hands on my shoulders, continuing to warm me up with his healing pulse, knowing that he's doing all he can to keep his own tears at bay as well. Leaning forward, I feel the fire in my eyes completely disappear while the spots on my ear return to their normal black colour, as new energy channels through my body, slowly but surely filtering out the noise of the wind and snow. Stepping forward, pressing my head against Marten's chest, every emotion that was held back is finally let go of. Within my Whiteout, I hold him tightly, doing all I can to keep him close, knowing that he's now my one and only Guardian, now that Vászi is far beyond us. 

After what feels like hours, my Whiteout disappears as Marten dries my tears, the depth in the mountain ridge returning together with the noise of the wind and the horizon. The clouds had gone away, and the sun had come back. With a wide smile, Marten continues to console me, his hand continuing to give me strength and warmth, whispering softly to me. *"Let's slowly head back to the Temple now, shall we? Even if Vászi might be out of reach now, he wouldn't want us to stay behind, he'd want us to keep our heads up high, to keep believing."* \
With a sniff, I nod slowly, gazing once more down into the ravine, seeing the dust from the fallen rocks from the cliff having settled, and seeing that nothing was left behind. Looking upwards from the ravine, I faced towards the direction the Blade was pointing in, a faint trail of sparkles and particles that disappeared far into the horizon. With another sniff, feeling Marten's hand on my shoulder, I keep the tears at bay, wishing Vászi a safe journey, wherever he might be going now.

Slowly and carefully, we step down the mountain, hand in hand, keeping my eyes faced to the northwest. The snowstorm had passed in the same direction, the dark, looming clouds travelling away from us, but leaving behind a bright rainbow. With a worried but hopeful smile, I face away from the sparkling trail Vászi left behind for one last time, still feeling emotions dwell up within me, but feeling confident enough that everything will be fine. in the end, knowing that the Temple will be in good hands, even after Vászi's departure. 

### Epilogue
  
**// Needs tail end**  
*// Concept: After a moment of peace for both Marten and I, we gradually return to the Temple, making everyone aware that Vászi is no longer the Temple Guardian, and instead, Marten was left to fill that role, as a shared duty with Sóvis. Still feeling full of emotions and doubtfulness, Marten enters my room and consoles me, pledging his full trust and love to me.*  
*// Concept: Meeting Luna again after they spent a month in Shánzhe*