# FIRST LIGHT


## FIRST LIGHT // CZISKVELÉN
### Drafted story
*// POV: Cziskvelén*

And with a flash of light, from one moment into the next, I suddenly found myself ‒ what I presumed to be ‒ alive and well. But things seemed off, my surroundings seemed surprisingly barren and empty. The vivid memory of the situation I had found myself just mere moments ago remained in my head, replaying over and over again while my body began to adapt to the new place I found myself in. Just now, I was in a warehouse, and not this empty and endless field of grass. I remember holding a weapon, that I aimed at a well-dressed businessman, but the details omitted me and the last part of the memory ends in a bullet that I didn't fire. \
Replaying that memory over and over again, my head stung, my body underwent pain that I never imagined before as I feel the gunshot go through my head, again, again, again. I fell to the floor, grunting in pain, screaming for help while my body gained a mind of its own and kept my nerves on edge. This must be what being in hell feels like, is it not? I'd been killed, but the type of person I am, or was, would only find a place in hell, religion be damned. With tears in my eyes, regret rushed through my veins. It was without doubt that I had been killed for my actions, and yet, at that time, I felt relentless and reckless. Like the world was my playground, and no human nor force could stop me. But, clearly, the world around me did not care what I believed, and I was stopped anyway.

With the soreness and pain having left my body, I carefully make my way back upright. I looked around in every direction, but no matter where a compass could lead me, the landscape seemed to repeat itself infinitely, regardless of where I looked. Here and there there'd be a tree, a different type of flower in a field, but no points of interest. The warehouse I was in seemed like a distant memory already, and I began to doubt my existence altogether. Was my previous life a dream? Or is where I am right now a dream? Things seemed so inexplicable, I couldn't lay a finger on anything, but the odd sense of familiarity and the sense of.. home.. refused to disappear. 

Deciding to head north, I keep my hands together, praying quietly that I'd at least find *something* where I'm headed, but after many exhausting hours I realise the sun was already past noon, gradually making its way to set again, and I still hadn't stumbled upon anything. \
I began to feel more worried. This started to feel like an elaborate prank. Did someone, instead of killing me, inject me with a neurodrug? Am I tripping? Is this what it felt like to be on the absolute limit of drugs? I shook my head, that wouldn't make sense either, but that implied that anything in this strange landscape I found myself in *would* make sense. And yet, strangely enough, I continued on walking just fine. The sun began to set, and I still felt just fine. I had been walking from sunrise to sunset and I didn't feel exhausted in the slightest. I felt superhuman, and yet, equally human as before. And with the time passing like normal, while the landscape continued to repeat itself, I decided to shrug off this strange experience as a vivid dream.

Midnight struck before I was even properly aware that it had turned night. Having walked forward mindlessly, I wasn't aware that my memories of my past life were beginning to fade. Over the past few hours, I went through every memory I had made before this, strange dream, and every memory that crossed my mind would end the same: The colours would mute, become monochrome, before it began perforating and eventually disappeared forever. My head was getting lighter and lighter. Was I finally reaching the limit in this strange walk? Maybe I was never meant to walk this way, and this was nature's way of telling me to turn around and head back where I came from, to the empty grassland I awoke into. 

Without any alert, an ear-deafeningly loud, metal noise echoes through the infinite landscape, as I cover my ears in reflex and close my eyes. Moments after, while trying to keep my senses, I look around frantically, now finding myself in a dense forest. The night sky seemed to be replaced by a mixture of chromatic colours and pitch blackness, tucked away behind the trees and gazing into my eyes. Looking upwards, the pattern remained, and through the treetops I found a spider's web full of chromatic eyes judgementally staring at me. The metal noise played again, and the eyes disappeared in an instant. With my heart pounding in my chest I tried my best to make sense of this absurd situation I was in. I'd walked for almost a day straight in a never-ending grass landscape, only to suddenly find myself in a forest with the *sky* staring at me? This just seemed too complex to make sense, but regardless, I continued onwards, praying that all of this would be over soon.

**"This will not end."** A metallic voice echoed through the forest, the same noise as before drawing eyes in the night sky once more. In every direction I looked, the eyes stared back, the chromatic rainbows glimmering in the night, giving me light that not even the moon would be able to give me. Between two trees, I lay my eyes on a particularly interesting eye, and keep my focus there as I struggle to formulate my response to this monstrous voice. *"What won't end?"* \
Right as I finish speaking, the wind picks up and almost manages to make my lose my balance and fall. **"The world you are in will not end."** The metallic voice replied, the wind blowing and whistling loudly in my ears, doing all it can to knock me down while my eyes continue to focus on that singular eye between the two trees before me. 

Overwhelmed by the incredible performance of nature around me, I began to finally lose focus as my eyes, muscles, and ears finally ready reached their limits. The metal noise from the eyes in the sky, paired with the increasingly brightening chroma lighting and the strong winds around me, finally broke me as I lost balance and fell to the ground. Meeting the mossy floor next to the trees, I change my focus into the largest eye in the night sky, the colours reminiscent of the rainbow reflection of shattered glass, while rain begins to fall. I was subject to nature's unlimited forces, and I came to peace with that. Even if this all happened to be a dream, I knew I was to reach the end of it fairly soon, and with a deep, satisfied sigh, I continue to be mesmerised by the colourful night sky. But even that was short-lived, and the large eye in the sky began growing even further, glowing so much more bright that it almost seemed like dawn, before I realised it was coming down towards me, and the metallic noise of metal breaking began picking up to higher volumes than before. 

**"This is no dream. This is reality."**

Failing to cover myself in time, another bright flash of light encompasses the entire forest, and after a moment of time I carefully open my eyes, the landscape around me having changed yet again. Instead of the forest at night, I now found myself back in the grass plains at noon, although this landscape seemed more familiar than usual. Before me stood a gate, which I recognised as the **Timeless Gate**, a gate that had been abandoned for many years since humanity had set foot on this planet. It was shrugged off as someone's vanity project that never met the light of day the way it was intended, and was just decoration in the nature reserve it was in, but something seemed strangely alluring about it. I felt a force that I had never felt before in my life now that I was standing right before it. Carefully stepping closer towards the gate, I notice that the colours between the two pillars were starting to mute, before it completely turned to black and the chromatic eye constructed itself again. This time, the metallic noise didn't echo, and its voice seemed more pleasant too, more understanding. **"Cziskvelén. You are the settler of the temple before you. The Temple of Chroma. You are chosen."** \
I wanted to put my hand on my mouth, but found it to be blocked by a strange acrylic mask, that I didn't remember ever putting on. Hesitantly, I stood still in my tracks, and continued to ask the eye. 
*"Chosen.. for what cause?"* \
**"Chosen to grant new light to those that fell. You are a Ghost. This realm, your existence, is elevated. You settle Temples, to provide new home to those that fell unfairly. Cziskvelén, you have the ability to revive humans that fell by rescuing their soul, and elevating them to the realm you are in. Life will continue like normal for you, for them, so they deserve."**

With a deep sigh, the quiet metallic voice of the eye before me echoed through the grassland around me and within my mind. Raising my hand back to the mask I was wearing, I make sure that it's fitted tightly. Even if this explanation lacked important details, I found myself understanding anyway. The puzzle slowly neared completion in my head, everything began making sense, and the oddness of the vivid dream I had a day ago was now completely gone. With no memories of my past life, no names, no contacts, nothing, I stepped forward, my hand stretched outwards towards the eye as it spoke to me one final time before its strength channelled and surged through my veins. 

**"Go, Cziskvelén,**

**and shape the world for them."**

