# GHOST TEMPLES // LAST LIGHT

**Last Light** refers to the last light the existing ghosts saw before dying and being reborn. This means that every entry into this page will document the very last moments of their previous identities. Examples being *Luna*, who lost their lives on the fatal **Vestia Rapid incident**, and *Snow*, who lost her life through being at the wrong place at the wrong time, all that they have in common is that they were granted a next change and were granted shelter in the Ghost Temples.

Before entering the Temple, they are approached by a Guardian of the respective Temple, which gives them the capabilities and strength to undergo the process of rebirth. This is always traditionally done at the same location of the accident, that unfortunately cost them their lives. The location is completely devoided of any other humans or animals, and a white mist will linger around the Guardian and the soon-to-be Ghost.


## // LUNA
### SPAD (Signal Passed At Danger)
Vestia Rapid is a conventional high-speed rail service connecting the various nations of Vestia, being capable of reaching service speeds up to 400 km/h and connecting the different capitals without sacrificing extra budget for a line that exclusively supports Maglev trains, a technology that remains dominant in Asia. In 2040, the new train lines had undergone intensive testing and the trains were finally allowed to enter service in 2044, and continued to service the line without any major incidents. \
That is, until **August 30th, 2074**. Entering regularly scheduled service from Álusken to Benelux, passing through Zhuehai, is a Vestia Rapid VR20. Boarding in Zhuehai is Luna — then known as *Storm* — a non-binary young adult who was out with his friends in Shánzhe, before waving them goodbye early to board the approaching VR20. \
Upon boarding in Shánzhe, the train was scheduled to pass through Matéiazhu and the Danish exclave of Karlsborg, before reaching their home country of the Benelux. Usually, this means the service should cross the border about 45 minutes after departure.

20 minutes after departure from Shánzhe, the blooming and glowing city of Matéiazhu draws closer, as the train gradually begins slowing down from its rapid cruising speed. To Storm's surprise, this happens with much more rumbling than usual, as the train begins shaking and veering from left to right, up to a point where the cabin lights begin flickering as the battery begins to struggle to keep up with the low power draw from the OHLE. As Matéiazhu quickly comes within the 5km range, Storm begins to understand what's going on. Gazing out the windows, they see familiar buildings fly by at a much higher speed than usual. By this time, they should be going a mere 200 km/h already, but the out-of-control VR20 is still flying past them at 350 km/h. Panic ensues in the coach, as other passengers begin to hoard their baggage or brace in their seats, grasping for non-existent seatbelts, as the city draws nearer and nearer, without any sign of slowing down, the only signs passed being those that signal **"Danger"**.

24 minutes after departure, the high-speed rail section reaches its **end**, indicating a maximum possible speed of 160 km/h, while the approaching train is still racing at 320km/h. Arriving from the central section, the VR20 is due to board at platform 15, all the way in the south end of the train station. Upon the first junction, Storm feels the entire train begin to tilt and fall over as the first set of bogies detach, followed by the second pair, before the entire train **derails**. Grabbing onto their seat, fearing the worst, the impact of the train on its side knocks them out of their seat as it continues to slide rapidly and violently towards platforms 7-8, before inevitably, the lights go out.


## // SNOW
### Wrong Place, Wrong Time
*// POV: Joseph* \
With sketches and notebooks stuffing my backpack to its fullest, Daniel and I departed from school for the holiday, heading to **Norden**, the enormous supermarket that had stood in the heart of Keustellet for as long as my memory could take me back. We had made ambitious plans, we'd travel to Vao at least once, we even aimed to go to Hédenis for a few days for the hot weather, and we'd especially enjoy our time off, but with each bullet point that we had planned for this holiday, another bullet point appeared from a deadline that was soon to follow after the end of the holidays. 

Not too many weeks ago, I received an offer from **Carbine**, a weapons and tech company that was in its startup phase, and was eagerly looking for a new brand identity to make itself stand out throughout Álusken, and much further beyond. It was a massive reach for me, but since I was already struggling with college and finding my own groove, my own workflow, I bit the bullet and decided to make this work my best one yet. 

But walking through the aisles with Daniel, chit-chatting about anything that came across our minds, double checking what we had planned and where we would be going, I continued to worry about Carbine's insane list of requirements they had given me. The yellow, triangular design they had envisioned, their original logo they wanted to keep, a flexible identity that could be translated into all their products and projects. And all of that, I had to magically make appear as a student that narrowly passed his most recent exam. It seemed too far-fetched, especially since they kept on repeating how important it was for them to compete with **Hammerhead**, my stress just continued building up, right at the doorstep of a two week-long break. But it didn't take long for Daniel to notice my obvious change in mood, the obvious thoughts circling around my head.

**"Joseph, I mean this with all my heart, get the Carbine stuff out of your head."** Daniel spoke, breaking the silence with his tone raised, clearly pissed off. **"We have two weeks off from college, let's use that wisely. Get your mind elsewhere, let's have some fun! I know I definitely will, but of course you're invited!"** He continues, holding up a bottle of vodka that he had picked up from the shelves earlier, a wide smile on his face, giving me the confidence I needed. I look to my left, snapping out of my thoughts and remembering that I was in the drinks aisle, taking a sixpack of beers and putting it in our shopping cart, the worries about Carbine's list of requirements for their rebrand already gradually leaving my mind. With a smile, I look back to Daniel, imagining the fun we could have over the next two weeks. *"You know."* I begin, taking another sixpack of beer and placing it into the shopping cart as well, all worries now behind me. *"I'm up for a bit of fun!"* \
Daniel laughs, placing the bottle of vodka he was holding back as well. **"That's the Joseph I've known for years! Let's get something to eat for dinner too, can't drink on empty stomachs!"**

We walked towards the central aisles of the supermarket, where the international products were being sold. Daniel was very much in the mood to make tacos with the rest of us, so with our spirits raised, we went through the different saucing packages, spice mixes, types of tortilla's, until Daniel broke my concentration again as I was imagining how our party would even come together at all. **"I'll check in on how much beef we'll need, I'll be right back!"** He quickly said, leaving the shopping cart where I was, promptly leaving the aisle I was in. I smiled, and returned to my concentration and imagination of the party, and how everything would turn out. *"Would a spicy mix be the best pick?"* I thought to myself, almost thinking out loud. *"Or should I play safe with a very aromatic mix?"* \
Pondering for just a little longer, I finally picked a mixture of both, before I began hearing a weird, buzzing and whistling noise from afar. I looked around frantically, eager to figure out what the sound was and where it was coming from. It was intensifying, as if something was drawing closer. Did someone's phone go off? Who would have mice repellent as their ringtone? I shook my head, thinking nothing of it, and put my hands back to the shopping cart, on my way back to Daniel to see what he's been up to.

But I didn't make it 5 metres forward, before the world around me suddenly shook violently. I felt myself flash forwards a minute in time, as if I got knocked out cold momentarily. Something had terribly gone wrong, but I couldn't figure out just what it was. My ears were ringing, and the aisle I was in just a moment ago was now in ruins, smoke filling up the stands, and natural light from the sun seeped into the supermarket instead of the regular roof lighting. My body felt like it was being crushed, like I was standing on Jupiter. This felt immense, unreal, and worrying. Something must've gone wrong, a bang, a flash, echoing through the aisles over and over again. I tried to move, I tried to look around, but my legs were stuck and trapped under whatever it was that was pushing me down to the floor. I recognised the shopping cart before me, the smell of vodka, the smell of beer. It was in ruins, seasoning mixes replaced with concrete dust.

**"Joseph! Oh my god!"** I suddenly heard from across the aisle, and I looked to see Daniel hurrying to make his way towards me. **"J-Joseph, oh my.. god! What the fuck do we do, what the fuck do we do?!"** He stummered, adrenaline rushing through both of our veins, desperate to make sense of the situation, and to figure out how to deal with this. **"Joseph.. can you move, at all?"** Daniel asked me, his face bleak from fear, his eyes holding back tears as he frantically looked around the pile of rubble that fell on top of my entire body. I shook my head, my lungs compressed, my voice silenced. Even with my legs as numb as they were, I could feel them slowly get soaked with a liquid, what I could only imagine to be my own blood. Daniel's worries increased tenfold, fear seeping into his mind, anxiety into his veins, and the tears he struggled to hold back were now flooding down his cheeks as the situation we found ourselves in became more and more dreadful with the second. **"Joseph.. please.. for the love of god, I'll find help, I'll find help.."** \
Helplessly, I saw him look around the aisles, hearing his footsteps more and more clear with the ringing in my ears gradually fading away. But his footsteps were the only ones I could hear, and I tried my best to wiggle myself free, completely stuck under the roof that collapsed. Everyone had fled the supermarket, it was already evacuated, and just me and Daniel remained, sealing my fate. 

I managed to raise my hand, and in the corner of his eye, Daniel noticed my quiet call. Carefully making his way to me, his aura radiating pure anxiety and fear for what was to come, he too lost track of his thoughts. **"I-I'll call 992, I'll do anything, Joseph, please, stick around, please.."** \
Tears began to stream down my own cheeks as well, my blood pressure was rapidly dropping, my heart was struggling to beat, my lungs struggling to breathe. My end was in sight, and the both of us were very well aware of that. \
*"M-my hand.. Daniel.."* I coughed, freaking both of us out when blood started to seep out of my mouth too. Without thinking, Daniel took my hand, holding it as tightly as he could while the quietness of the aisle began to disappear, emergency services making their way into the supermarket to rescue any other people in the same situation I found myself in. But I knew it was already too late. Even if I was rescued, I would be paralysed for life, I was losing hope, faster than blood was rushing through my veins. *"It's been.. wild.. Daniel, I'm sorry.."* I struggled to speak, dizziness overwhelming me together with a strong feeling of lightheadedness. *"T-that it ends.. this way.. I love you."* \
Tears were streaming down Daniel's face, as he screamed for help, desperate to catch the attention of the emergency services that were making their way into the supermarket, but he too began to realise that it felt more hopeless than ever. \
**"I love you too, man, please, not like this, not like this.. Joseph.."**

My eyes struggled to stay open, the nauseating feeling increasing infinitely, until the rest of my body numbed down, no longer seeing Daniel, no longer feeling his hands holding mine, the noise in the supermarket fading away in a mere second, and I breathe. Once more. Once more, and never again.


## // WINTER
### Neverending Daydream
*// POV: Winter* \
With a deep breath, I sit upright in the tent, hearing Martin still snore beside me while the sleeping bag to my left was already empty, meaning Anita had already left the tent to go for her morning walk. Putting on my joggers and hoodie, I carefully and quietly unzip the door of the tent, seeing how it's still fairly dark outside; It's barely dawn, but I do still see bright beams of light on the horizon, and a dark sky slowly turning orange. Right outside the tent was Anita, having plopped down in a folding chair, making herself a simple tea over the induction heater, as she suddenly hears and spots me crawling out of the tent. *"Oh, Julia! I hadn't heard you wake up, good morning!"* She cheerfully whispered to me, making sure to not wake the others still sleeping in the tents up. *"Had a bit of a pleasant sleep in the Mónsan Mountains?"* \
With my hands rubbing my face to wake myself up, I groggily nodded, still feeling very drowsy from how late we all went to sleep last night, how long it had taken us to even reach this open spot deep into the forest. But despite this spot being temporary, it sure was a sight to see the sun rise like this. **"I slept pretty terrible,"** I whispered back to Anita, realising just how raspy my voice was, worried that I was already developing a cold, but shrugging it off as a morning voice, **"But it sure was worth this view."** 

Plopping down in the folding chair next to her, we watch the sunrise together with a cup of hot tea to warm us up, before our attention is diverted to our left, as more rustling comes out of the tents. Waking up in unison were the remaining three, as Martin exited our tent, and Lisa and Markus promptly exited the other tent, all looking equally groggy as the two of us did. *"Been a rough night for you three, hasn't it?"* Anita joked in an attempt to uplift the spirits of everyone, as she immediately gets a reaction out of Markus, leading to a little bit of morning banter between the five of us. 

Finishing my tea and watching the sunrise for a little longer, I finally decide to head back into my tent, gradually beginning to pack everything again, as the last section of our journey was crossing the border just outside of Myradsked, where we would head into the Morrésik Mountains and finish our journey there. We collectively decided to make the journey as lightweight and as easy on us as possible, not bringing too much items with us and getting food whenever we would pass a town, but after Myradsked, that would no longer be an option, and would also become the toughest section of our journey yet. But with the five of us and high spirits, we all knew that we would make it through just fine.

Before long, we collapsed the tents and made our way past Myradsked, as we trotted deeper and deeper into the vast mountains and woods of Morrésik. Many legends about these woods and mountains would frequently be passed from generation to generation, about how neither Mónsan nor Álusken ever decided to claim the mountains, or to settle here, because of many reports of supernatural activity. And even though I've not been a kid for many years now, those legends and tales did begin to cycle through my mind, as I began to feel increasingly worried, beginning to hear and see things that startled me, the rustling of leaves, the sound of deer and moose in the far distance, all lead to my steps becoming more uneasy. 

*"You feeling alright?"* Markus suddenly asked me, startling me further as I felt myself jump for a second, before realising what had just happened. I nodded slowly, mumbling back to him with the worries still lingering in the back of my mind. **"Could be worse, could be better.. It's the folklore legends that are beginning to worry me.."** \
With a gentle laugh and smile, he patted me on the shoulder as I looked up to him, his antlers sticking out like a sore thumb to me still, even though he's had them for several years now since his visit to Kérisant. *"I get your feelings, but you don't need to worry, they're nothing more than just legends, after all."* He said back to me, giving me just enough sense of hope that I began to feel warmed up again, ready to tackle whatever lays before us. 

But that sense of warmth and hope was short-lived, as none of us could imagine what lied ahead of us. Anita and Martin noticed a steady gap in the trees form, and made their pause accordingly and scanned around to find a different route, something that I completely forgot to do. Even with the uplifted spirit, the thoughts remained in my mind, echoing back and forth as I began hearing things, voices calling for me, desperate to get my attention. From one second into the next, I snapped back to reality, and realised that everyone around me was actively calling for my name, for me to stop walking forward, to get back to my senses. In a split moment, I hear Markus's steps rapidly approach me, but it was already too late. With one final step forward, the very moment I realise just what was happening, gravity took a hold on me. The snowy landscape had turned dark, and loud cracks and rustling now echoed through the forest. I looked down, my biggest nightmare unfolding before my very eyes, watching the snow disappear like a deer staring into the headlights of a car, completely helpless, and subject to nature.

The floor beneath me had given way.

## // MARTEN  
### Dancing with Dragons
*// POV: Marten* \
It hadn't just been days that had flown by, it'd been months. Bedridden away from home, stuck at the university I once studied at, unable to do anything but watch the clocks tick away while my condition worsens. The university student I once dreamed to teach at the hospital, were now the once taking care of me, and my dream of becoming a teacher was becoming slimmer by the day. \
My mom I had lost to cancer, my dad was in Zhuehai for his work, and with how busy he was this fiscal quarter it wasn't easy for him to visit me either, all the way in Lasz. We videocalled, and made the best of my worsening situation, but it was lonely. 

I hear a knock on my door, and the nurse who I knew as Miranda, slowly made her way into my room. **"Am I disturbing..?"** she asked, a folder of documents tucked away under her shoulder. I shook my head, and she made her way to the chair beside my bed. **"I have.. news, Marten.."** She began, her tone already giving me shivers, as I wait for the inevitable words that were soon to exit her lips. \
*"Is it bad?"* \
**"You could say.. bad. You've had a metastasis, that spread to your lungs. We could continue with our attempts at medication, but that too, could just accelerate the inevitable, Marten."**

Miranda rested her hand on my thigh, her blue eyes weren't shimmering as they usually were, and just like her, I knew that this day would one day arrive. I'd gone through traditional medication, experimental medication, but even after so many decades of advancement in cancer treatment, a rare case like the heart cancer that I was diagnosed with remained an outlier. I felt a feeling of hollowness wash over my body, I felt my eyes attempt to cry, but the hollow feeling of helplessness and imminent death prevented me from crying. I didn't know what to feel, I didn't know what to say. I had been mentally preparing for this bad news for months, but now it was finally here, it still hurt more than the pain I was already going through.

**"I'm sorry, Marten."** Miranda said, tears beginning to stream down her cheeks. She had been my personal nurse and guardian ever since I was diagnosed with cancer. We've been in contact for many years before we even went to university, and while she studied to become a nurse, I studied to become a teacher and manager in the same hospital as hers. But neither of us could ever imagine the situation that we'd find ourselves in right now. Lifelong friends, but one would be on their deathbed at 26. \
*"I-It's fine, Miranda, really."* I struggled to reply, an uncontrollable mixture of emotions roaming through my head, the memories and experiences I had made in my past years, all the way to the past months where I had been stuck in bed, doing my best to stay active in the fitness area, but more and more frequently collapsing and worsening as my heart cancer persisted and refused to go away. *"I.. guess it was inevitable."*

Miranda stood up from the chair, and gave me a tight hug, carrying over the memories we had made together, our bond that had been stable for so long, while I struggled to get the strength to hug her back the same way. **"I'll forward it to the other nurses, but we'll keep in touch like always, Marten, I'll be back in a few hours.."** She said after letting go of me again, picking up the folder but leaving one document on the desk beside me, before she would make her way back out of my room again.

And like that, the days would continue to go by, an ever-inclining downwards slope that would ultimately reach a wall, a dead end at the very bottom of the mountain I was dreaming to climb. Day in and day out, my medication would change. Higher dosages to lessen the pain that my heart and lungs were causing me, and fewer activities to give my body the amount of rest it desperately needed. I called with my dad every now and then, I would watch my other friends go out and have fun as they neared their final exams and graduations. And yet, the hollow feeling remained as my body continued to collapse within. 

**"I'll apply morphine now, Marten."** Miranda said, two months having gone by since she had told me the devastating news. At this stage, the inevitable could happen any moment. My lungs had deteriorated too far for recovery now and I had to get oxygen artificially. The beeping of the heart monitor was irregular, but stable enough for me to carry on for just a few more moments. It would make people that passed by exceptionally worried, but having endured the beeping for so many months now, I didn't even hear the noise anymore. \
I felt the syringe press into my shoulder, the morphine applying, knowing that the pain I was currently feeling would soon reduce just enough for me to call with my dad again. My friends had graduated, and were on vacation all the way in Myriakos. Since two weeks, every day had passed like this. Miranda, or another nurse, would apply morphine to lessen my pain, and I'd be taken care of almost 24/7. It was exhausting for them too, but they continued to have hope, to wait for a miracle to happen where the medication would suddenly strike luck and cause my cancer to shrink again. 

But no such miracle would happen, and I too, knew that the odds were far too low for me to get lucky enough. I turned the TV above my bed off, night was closing in soon, and the morphine would slowly begin to kick in at this stage. I looked outside, the stars and the blue-green skies of Vao were shining brighter than ever. Even with the hospital lights polluting the area, its beauty couldn't be denied. I had read about the myths of Vao and Álusken just a week ago, that the Aurora wouldn't be caused by solar flares, but by the dragons that would roam the mountains while the nation is fast asleep, emitting colourful lights with their flames that danced in the sky. 

A warm smile appeared on my face, the idea of such myths existing warming me up internally, the beauty of the world fascinating me once again. And so, I close my eyes, ready to go to sleep once more, with my pain suppressed. The beeping of the heart rate monitor always would echo through my room all night long, irregularly like normal, but tonight, it would be a single, continuous beep. \
In a hurry, Miranda rushed to my room, a quick glance at the monitor, and a quick glance at my fast asleep face, and she too knew the situation I was in. She smiled, sighing of relief, whispering softly to me. 

**"At last, you're freed from your pain, Marten."**
