# Temporary drafts
This file solely exists to prevent merge conflicts from happening in [[Story Drafts]], or any of the applicable stories that the drafts take place in. Additionally, this file is used as a draft board for topics or parts I want to develop later on in the story, and may give a tease as to what's to come next.

# April 18th Drafts (2025)
## Polaris's Development 
*// This is merely in an experimental state, and may not be reflected into actual writing.*

Potentially, Polaris's **Retrograde** and **Illusory** eyes can be the components to Polaris's role within the Voyage and cosmos as being the **Keeper of Time**. Being able to foresee and trace back the history and future of any object, item, or organism merely by looking at it, this can eventually develop into a complete understanding of **Time** as an essence. Doing so, Polaris also fully unlocks her immortality, similarly to how **Maria** (Cosmic Weaver) and **Nora** (Keeper of Death) are immortal, because of their significance of their roles and abilities in the cosmos.

It may be entirely possible that by the time Maria is forced into her indefinite role of Cosmic Weaver, that Polaris will have already mastered and understood the ins and outs of her ability of keeping and manipulating time to her will. Additionally, in the context of **SOLARdawn**, this may mean that the existing projects (or those dating back to PALMER-EDEN) now have a virtually infinite development window. Whether this is reflected into Project **ANGEL** or Project **VIOLET** is yet to be determined, but could open up another interesting interpretation. Whatever spin this may take, one thing remains certain, which is that Polaris will *outlive SOLARdawn*, much like how Maria and Nora (And potential other Voyagers) will remain immortal.

# March 28th Drafts (2025)
## Maria Quotes Post-RM
### 2096, after a lecture in Pahlatán
*"Is your eyesight worsening, Dr. Limáida?"* \
**"Hm..?"** \
*"I saw you struggle reading what was on the main screen, just wondering, since you do have glasses."* \
**"(Sigh) I suppose I am.."** She sighed back. **"Maybe I need to walk past Némiskéi and have my eyes checked again, it's been a while since I was prescribed these glasses, after all.."** \
And so she did, but before doing so, a quick glance in the mirror at home already gave her enough answer as to why her eyes weren't working along the way she had always known them for. \
**"They're discoloured.."** She sighed to her own reflection, and brushing away a strand of her to uncover her left eye, not only were some of the strands grey, but so were her palms turning a faint, light purple, having spread all the way from the patterns surrounding the halo on her back. Closing her eyes for a brief moment, she inhaled deeply, and reopening them once more, she faced her reflection yet again, focused on her eyes, revealing the blue discolouration in her vivid green irises better than before. A slight smile appeared on her face, a mixture of regret yet acceptance in her eyes. **"Fate's catching up on me.."**

### Early 2097, aboard Oceana-1
*"Are you doing okay, Maria? You look.."* \
**"Huh?"** \
With a concerned look on her face, Petra inched close to Maria, taking notice and interest in her hands, which she almost immediately tried to cover up with the sleeves of her coat. \
**"Don't.. do that.."** \
*"I have to, it looks concerning."* Petra insisted, and while Maria averted her eyes away, Petra's remained on Maria's hands, giving herself a good look at the discolouration on her wrist and fingertips. *"It's.. got a purple tint. That's not..-"* \
**"No, it is."** Maria interrupted her colleague, and with her eyes now facing the floor, she let out a deep sigh. **"They are remnants of frostbite, Petra, it's been there for a while, it's not concerning."** \
*"This isn't frostbite, Maria."* Petra replied in instant, her voice deeper and more stern than before. *"Your last subzero research was over a month ago, it doesn't linger for that long, especially not this intense."* She let out a deep sigh as she carefully held Maria's hand in her own, before looking directly at her face, waiting for their two gazes to meet. *"This isn't a tattoo, is it? Are you hiding something?"* \
**"No."** Maria sighed, her eyes drifting back not to meet those of Petra, but instead to her hand held up by her colleague's. **"I.. can't quite explain it to you, either.."** \
*"Why not?"* Petra replied, almost offended. \
**"It won't make sense to you."** Maria continued, gesturing Petra to let go of her hand, which she now held up by herself after she rotated around to sit face to face to Petra. **"Overseeing Oceana and the Honour/Glory project may just be the last thing I'll ever get to do."** \
That left Petra puzzled, and even if her thoughts now ran overtime, no words would find their way out of her mouth. \
Maria sighed once more. **"My time is running out."** She said, a slight smile appearing on her face as she looked forward, towards the large window that had a view of the West point of Oceana. \
*"Is it radiation poisoning..? I've never seen such patterns fr-"* \
**"It's not that."** Maria smiled. **"I'll show you, words can't explain it."** \
With her eyes open wide, Petra watched Maria take off her coat, followed by her shirt, giving her a clear view of the purple discolouration that started at her fingertips and ran all the way up to her shoulders, breaking up in an intricate pattern around her shoulder blades. Only the clasp of her bra was the last thing to cover the teardrop-shaped halo at the very centre of her back. *"Maria.. this.."* \
**"This is my curse, or gift, whichever you prefer."** Maria sighed. **"I've born this for decades. Only now is it catching up on me."** \
Petra's puzzled expression remained vibrant and obvious on her face, as she struggled to connect the pieces of the puzzle in her mind to help explain the situation as it unfolded before her very eyes. *"S-so.. a curse.."* She stammered, struggling to find the right way to approach the markings on Maria's arms and shoulders. *"What's it.. what's it do?"* \
**"I can't explain."** Maria sighed, closing her eyes for a brief moment as she held her hands together, feeling the warmth rush through her veins despite wearing nothing her bra above her waist. **"The only "logical" way for it to make sense to you, Petra.."** She continued, reopening her eyes as the intricate patterns from her back began to spread even further, coating both of her entire arms down from her shoulders in a deep, slightly luminescent purple. Her eyes gradually discoloured, and with a slight smile on her face, she glanced at her colleague, a troubled, almost horrified expression on her face as she watched the entire transformation unfold before her eyes. **"..is saying that I'm akin to a God. I'm.. the Cosmic Weaver.. I weave and compose reality as we both know it."** \
Sparkles began to linger in the open air, visible to both Maria and Petra, the latter mesmerised, impressed, yet confused by the scene before her eyes. *"A God..?"* She could only mutter in disbelief, both of her hands covering her mouth as it was wide open behind them. *"I.. thought it to be impossible, so.. how..?"* \
Maria sighed under her breath. **"I still don't know it myself either.."** She said, standing up from her stool and stepping towards the glass window just before them, eyeing Oceana intently as her luminescent hand pressed against it. **"I once dreamed to learn whether there was more out there. Beings unlike ourselves, life outside that what we know."** She began, and slowly turning to her right, she faced Petra, who had followed her towards the glass panes. Their two gazes met. **"Oceana proved that there was more than just the life we know on Earth and Lúniks. My lifelong goal had become to discover and research life that isn't ours, and now, maybe my fate has come to learn that I've made this discovery, too."** A deep sigh exited her nose, and her eyes looked towards Oceana's moon, one of three that were in her orbit. **"My questions have been answered. Yes, there is more life beyond our own out there. So while the cosmos consumes me and makes me one with herself.."** Her eyes returned to face Petra's, a warm and gentle smile complimenting her multicoloured eyes, and while her natural green was still clear as day, the mixture of pink and blue in her irises made it seem almost inhuman. But at the end of the day, perhaps it *was* inhuman. **"The torch I carry passes on to you, Petra. Honour, Glory, Pond-1 and Oceana-1, and even back at Lúniks, the entirety of Carbine carries on the dream I carried with me all my life."** She giggled quietly, her hands moving together as sparkles levitated and revolted around them. \
**"I.. hope it didn't sound too dramatic, Petra."** She smiled, and in response, Petra giggled back. *"It's.. It'll take a while to land in my head."* She said, averting her eyes to face the floor, and in the corner of her eyes, her vision veered off into deep space behind the glass panes they stood before. *"But.. thank you for entrusting me with this, Maria.."* 

# March 6th Drafts (2025)
## Lore crumbs for Maria
Potential additions that can help shape out the story of Maria, and her connection with the **Voyage**, her role as the **Cosmic Weaver** and its effects, as well as other everyday snippets that might see an insertion in *Memory Shards*. These include:
- "Diary" (*Memory Shards*) entries of Maria watching the purple pattern and markings on her back fade (**2078**->**2086**) and reappear from the development of the Golden Bow (100) onwards (**2089**) and worsening during the construction of the ARC (**2092**-**2094**(-**2096**)), reaching peaks around Routine Maintenance (**2096**). The reason should be that her *"fated death"* should approach soon (**2100**\* *// Subject to exploration and development*). Most likely written before/after her taken showers.
- Entry (*Memory Shard*) in 21XX where Maria either fabricates or stumbles upon a reflection or instance of Raléi in the *Endless Sea*. Highlights should be that Maria still gets emotional during this, which Raléi picks up and teases her about, while also remarking that her hair has gotten longer over time (*Shoulder-length*->*S. Blade-length*).
- Maria's employee number within Carbine changed from 000078 to 1, or 100, since **2087**. A small *Memory Shard* should highlight this as she looks to enter a "members-only" or "staff-only" area for a (gala?) of Carbine.
- Since re-entering work under Carbine after the *Spider's Web* incident during her **2073** internship, Maria had been given "Employee number 000078" since the doors in Pahlatlán and Némiskéi opened in around **2075**-**2076**. From this point onwards, she was a **Class 09** Aeronautical Researcher. Her developments during the following five years promoted her to **Class 07** and **Class 03**, respectively, before ultimately receiving the title of **Class 01** Researcher within Carbine Industries together with *Thomas Vanhuyt* and *Patrik Miyidkov*, the former having parted ways with Carbine in **2096**, the latter having parted ways with Carbine in **2092**. 
- **!! March 2025 note:** Maria's *Leremkov* infection/attributes have been put in **limbo**. As the dates for when this "infection" happened continuously changed during the process of writing and shaping up proper lore and writing for Maria, the role of **Cosmic Weaver**, the **Voyage**, and everything related to these points quickly outshined the importance or relevance of her originally-drafted Leremkov (Feline) attributes. Over time, this will be looked back upon and retroactively changed in existing stories, such as **Spider's Web**, **Misc entries**, and **Routine Maintenance**.
- Currently written is Maria's involvement in *Hammerhead Industries* between 2076-2080. This too has been placed in **limbo**, and is subject to many alterations. The only surviving parts of these original drafts from Maria's role within Hammerhead, is her involvement in the retrofitting and restoration of the **Hammerhead Satellite Ship** around **2080**, as well as her role in *Láizhe*, where she was the leading voice for the *Global Naming Convention Overhaul* in **2079**, cycling out "automated" or "generated" names (Like *Cintura* being named Messier-48, and its planets accordingly, Messier-48-OP-1 (*Oceana*)) for authentic names, such as those in the Choreos and Sol system. Much more than this, however, she will **not** be involved in, and as a result, *Patrik Miyidkov* is also "poached" or signed by Carbine Industries following the restoration of the **HSS**. The **HSS** restoration program was carried out by Carbine, following the offer from Hammerhead for "any industry" to retrofit this decade-old spaceship.
- (**!! Being implemented**) With the shuffle of data, there's a chance that Maria's date of birth may be shifted **two years backwards** to properly adjust for this timeline. It would then become *August 17th, 2052*, making her aged **43** during the events of *Routine Maintenance*.
- *// Notes for Echoed Immersion* | For Maria, it's not a matter of *if*, but *when* she will embrace her destiny, her fate. It's written in the stars that she will become the Cosmic Weaver aboard the Voyage, but it's her decision *when* she will embrace this. The only decision she can make is to delay it, until fate itself will wrap its arms around her forcefully. *// Which might happen in the year 2100. Could the Golden Bow play a part in this? Will she carry the Golden Bow away from the ARC, into desolate space, and become one with the cosmos?*

# February 21st Drafts (2025)
## Memory Shards / Internal Channels
### E-mail to Patrik Miyidkov (2077)
Patti, it's urgent.

I don't understand what it is they're doing internally within Hammerhead. Month after month they delay existing projects in favour of those of their own interest. VOID is something that always stands on top of the endless shelves, and despite no progress being made, it remains up top. Both you and I have worked on VOID and we have worked together with Thomas to retrofit the HSS, and now they're pushing the re-launch forwards despite never having suited a proper pressure test. It's bound to go wrong, but their priority shifts to VOID each and every time.

I'm making my full-time return to Carbine in 2078. While I appreciated Owen's gesture and offer to stay at Hammerhead for the foreseeable future, it simply conflicts with how my projects have worked in the past years. I will forwards this to Thomas, too, and attempt to convince him to make a return to Pahlatlán either at the same time as me, or at a later stage when the Campus fully returns to life. I will leave the HSS for what it is and no longer bother with security checks, Hammerhead ignores these anyway, it will be wasted energy. I will leave Shánzhe and stay in Láizhe to get the naming conventions for Stellar systems changed, and after that point I will return to Pahlatlán. Don't bother informing Qileng about this, it's not like he cares enough about his research staff anyway.

Maybe we'll see each other again before I return to Pahlatlán, but in case I don't, I hope I'll be able to see you again working under Carbine, away from the hellish landscape of Hammerhead. 

I'll keep in touch, Patti,
Maria Limáida


# July 31st Drafts (2024)
- **GRIDRUNNER** | An **interjection** or **mini-story** of two gridrunners utilising evolved **Neurotech** technology to deploy hacks by virtually yet physically travelling through the wiring networks might find its way into the grand scheme of **Gridrunner** as a whole and might shine a light on the variety of the term "Gridrunner".

## Leremkov - PENDULUM (shelved)
*// This draft is **shelved**, and may not be implemented any time soon, if at all.* \
Self insert into pendulum - Receive aid and care through Vienna & Olen.

## Ghost Temples - Repurposing of Masks
As more characters came into play with Ghost Temples, the necessity of masks came down as a result. So far, only **Luna** and **Snow** have received a mask for a specific reason, but every character since has not been given a mask that represented them as a person. 

Because of this, I believe it's fine to keep the masks as they are, but repurpose them into a *vanity project* for the characters themselves. **Luna** preferred to keep their identity hidden from the masses with fears of being spotted, and for **Snow**, it's a means to pursue her dreams of becoming a versatile artist from before she had died. 

For **Temple Guardians**, the masks will remain the same, and will also remain a tradition. The *plain white mask*, which has made an appearance plenty of times, will remain as tradition for **Rebirths**, and Marten will continue to wear his unique *half-mask* that only covers his face below his eyes. With this, I believe that I can lessen the pressure on coming up with specific and forced masks and character details that I don't believe really fit the characters, and might steer the project into a direction that's far too niche and not aligned with what I truly aim for.
## TRAVEL RISK - Nova Character 
Nova will be recruited into an Agency after having undergone military training and service in Eastern Kérisant, partaking in the **Mharáni unrest**, and is originally from **Strava Mikkë**.
### Drafted Story - REFRESH
A story encompassing Nova's first mission after reaching Zakh'háfo, and her first contact with The Agency and Vátnelári. In this mission, she receives the simple task of deceiving a dealer that ran away from Vátnelári, and is hiding in various bars throughout the days to stay out of sight, and to prevent getting himself killed. Nova enters the bar and tries to get in touch with him, offering a more personal conversation while not ticking him off, and gets in contact with the bartender as well in order to spike his drink with a drug that should be lethal for him during the night. Uses quote **"You're adorable. It's a shame I have to kill you."** On the way out after successfully drugging and thus killing this dealer, she stumbles upon Nils in the exit, and then engage in a small talk that leads to Nova defecting to **The Agency**.
## TRAVEL RISK - What Remains 
Straying away from the primary focus on Lúniks, **What Remains** should focus on where **INTERIM** takes place as well. Chronologically, this story, or collection of stories, should take place around the same time as [[HEAD TO HEAD - Story]], while not laying further focus on either **Mika** or **Gradient** specifically. 

After the *Attempted Territorial Expansion* of **Illinois** in **2062**, **Martin Palmer** goes into hiding and continues his progress on the **Ultima** project. In that same time, **Hammerhead** and **Southern States** spies make their way into Illinois, and uncover the secrets that Palmer had left behind.
### Draft
In **2062**, after almost three decades of quietness in **Illinois**, the ruling government controlled by **PALMER-EDEN** attempts to annex the states of **Iowa** and **Minnesota**, which had been in the **Central American** region. This attack was retaliated by support from **Canada** and the **Southern States**, and as a result, Illinois collapsed and closed its borders from the public.

After the closure of its borders, Illinois stayed quiet while **Martin Palmer**, the CEO of **PALMER-EDEN**, now laid his eyes purely on his **Ultima** project.
### Of What Remains - Story
Story taking place in late 2075, laying the focus on the disparity between the now-flourishing **Southern States** and the closed-off nation of **Illinois** after its collapse from the attempted expansion and annexation of Minnesota and Iowa. 
### What Once Was
Story focusing on **Illinois** in late 2075, and the development and struggles that now grow more broadly within her borders during the increased development of **Ultima** and the **Palmer-Eden Tower**.
### NO FURTHER
Story that lays its eyes on the *Attempted Annexation* of Minnesota and Iowa in **2062**, which was immediately retaliated by **Canada** and the **Southern States**, who then immediately afterwards kept tight border control in order to prevent another attempt at expansion from happening. This story will focus on the development of this attempted expansion, its immediate shutdown, and the followup after.

**Context**: While the **Northeastern States** joined **Canada** upon the [[Collapse of United States]], and **Illinois** formed as well as the **Southern States**, every other coastal state was quick to join another alliance to keep itself from crumbling even further into despair. However, for the more central US states, no such thing was possible, and the states in question were quick to bleed out and enter a freefall in their population, all while **PALMER-EDEN** continued to attempt to regain its original borders. In the end, the central states remained what they were, independent states without a proper government, that was held together by a mere few strings. In **2062**, PALMER-EDEN's Illinois realised this, and in the two years prior, it had planned an all-out assault in order to overwhelm and annex the poorly-governed states to its west, **Minnesota** and **Illinois**. 

