# GHOST TEMPLES // LAST LIGHT

**Last Light** refers to the last light the existing ghosts saw before dying and being reborn. This means that every entry into this page will document the very last moments of their previous identities. Such as Luna lost their lives on the fatal Vestia Rapid incident, and Snow Fox lost her life through being at the wrong place at the wrong time, all that they have in common is that they were granted a next change and were granted shelter in the Ghost Temples.

Before entering the Temple, they are approached by a Guardian of the respective Temple, which gives them the capabilities and strength to undergo the process of rebirth. This is always traditionally done at the same location of the accident, that unfortunately cost them their lives. The location is completely devoided of any other humans or animals, and a white mist will linger around the Guardian and the soon-to-be Ghost.

## // LUNA
Vestia Rapid is a conventional high-speed rail service connecting the various nations of Vestia, being capable of reaching service speeds up to 400 km/h and connecting the different capitals without sacrificing extra budget for a line that exclusively supports Maglev trains, something that remains dominant in Asia. In 2040, the new train lines had undergone intensive testing and the trains were finally allowed to enter service in 2044, and continued to service the line without any major incidents. \
That is, until **August 30th, 2074**. Entering regularly scheduled service from Álusken to Benelux, passing through Zhuehai, is a Vestia Rapid VR20. Boarding in Zhuehai is the Ghost of Luna — then known as *Storm* — a non-binary young adult who was out with his friends in Szánzhe, before waving them goodbye early to board the approaching VR20. \
Upon boarding in Shánzhe, the train was scheduled to pass through Matéiazhu and the Danish exclave of Karlsborg, before reaching their home country of the Benelux. Usually, this means the service should cross the border about 45 minutes after departure.

20 minutes after departure from Shánzhe, the blooming and glowing city of Matéiazhu draws closer, as the train gradually begins slowing down from its rapid cruising speed. To Storm's surprise, this happens with much more rumbling than usual, as the train begins shaking and veering from left to right, up to a point where the cabin lights begin flickering as the battery begins to struggle to keep up with the low power draw from the OHLE. As Matéiazhu quickly comes within the 5km range, Storm begins to understand what's going on. Gazing out the windows, they see similar buildings fly by at a much higher speed than usual. By this time, they should be going a mere 200 km/h already, but the out-of-control VR20 is still flying past them at 350 km/h. Panic ensues in the coach, as other passengers begin to hoard their baggage or brace in their seats, grasping for non-existent seatbelts, as the city draws nearer and nearer, without any sign of slowing down, the only signs passed being those that signal **"Danger"**.

24 minutes after departure, the high-speed rail section reaches its **end**, indicating a maximum possible speed of 160 km/h, while the approaching train is still racing at 320km/h. Arriving from the central section, the VR20 is due to board at platform 15, all the way in the south end of the train station. Upon the first junction, Storm feels the entire train begin to tilt and fall over as the first set of bogies detach, followed by the second pair, before the entire train **derails**. Grabbing onto their seat, fearing the worst, the impact of the train on its side knocks them out of their seat as it continues to slide towards platforms 7-8, before inevitably, the lights go out.


## // SNOW FOX

Reserved for an expansion on the snippet from [[GHOST TEMPLES - REBIRTH#// SNOW FOX]]:

***"On October 4th, 2075, a missile struck the market you find yourself in. At the same time, criminals entered through the North and South sides to plunder and raid the market. Ever since, it has been left vacant. We were not able to rescue your body, but we rescued your soul, and gave you another chance in the body that matches your soul."***