# PENDULUM
*This story draft is dependant on magic, described in [[Lore Concepts]]. Per November 2023, this will gradually be rewritten and altered to make use of magic in a different sense.*
PENDULUM, founded in Mászdan in 2041, is a non-profit organisation that specializes in medical treatment through hypnotic treatment, hence the name "Pendulum". This organisation mostly came to be to help people deal with mental health and other issues, such as severe pain in their body and numbing it through hypnosis, but it's most notable for making people become content with their changed bodies after being affected by Leremkov's vaccines around 30 years later. 

The process in its most basic form would be to hypnotise and numb the person's mind, and using various doses of magic, they would make it so people would become at pure ease with their bodies, and in the case that instincts and/or behaviour was altered too, that a seamless blend between their old and new minds would take place. In some rare cases, where a vaccine left a person with an unfinished transformation (e.g. Only one of two ears being changed, one foot becoming a hoof while the other remains human, etc.), PENDULUM would also be able to use magic to forcefully transform the person according to their wishes, and in some cases they would even be able to completely revert the effect of the vaccine, given that it was treated quickly enough. This, however, brought risks with it, and this treatment in particular is not recommended.

Their most common treatment is adjusting a family tree according to the changes and effects on one person in their family tree. If a parent would be affected by the vaccine and gain traits of a fox, their partner could request a similar, controlled change, so that genetic defects would be almost eliminated for their future children. This is what Stacy's parents had undergone, after Stacy's mother was affected by Leremkov's vaccine, her father chose to undergo this treatment so that their future children, such as Stacy, wouldn't be born with genetic defects.

## David & Stacy
Background information: David is a student at the university in Antwerpen. This takes place around 20-25 after Leremkov's first series of DNA alterations in Cévok, Kerisant. Stacy is the daughter of two people affected by this DNA alteration, and has been born with this altered DNA. For his graduation, David researched the effects of the vaccinations from Leremkov on the human genome, learning that Stacy has been an indirect victim of this.

### Drafted story
Spinning idly in his chair, David — a student scientist and biologist at the hospital in Antwerpen — twirled his pen through his fingers, deeply lost in thought with his paperwork right before him. A due date of October 30th in bold, red text up top. Looking up to the clock above his desk, he watches the seconds tick by before dropping his pen on the table, finally having found the determination to finish up his project.  
  
Turning the pages of his notebook, he suddenly pauses as he reads the name of someone familiar to him, Stacy Eweyck. Scanning the page quickly, his focus reaches its highest point as he reads "Leremkov" again and again, reading her symptoms, reading her attributes, but one thing stands out to him, as he whispers to himself out loud. "No vaccines, no contact, but birth-given?"  
  
David picked his pen back up, as he picks up a new sheet of paper. Slowly but surely he begins copying his own notes of her symptoms, her fox-like personality, her vibrant orange tail, her big and furry fox ears. Putting a line under "BORN THIS WAY" at the bottom of his newly created note, he steps out of his chair and sprints to his professor. If people can be born with these attributes, just how badly has Leremkov poisoned humanity?
### What comes after?
My planned outline for this particular is story is that it will grow into a short novel of some sorts. David would gradually dive deeper into his research about the Leremkov vaccines, and during this process learn how Stacy lives her otherwise normal life with this vastly different strain of DNA. In the end, it'll probably end up being a cheesy romance story with a bit of mysterious vibes, but I expect it to remain nothing but drafts that loosely connect to one another. 

#### A first hand experience?
It might also be an idea for David to experience the vast difference between humanity as he knows it, and humanity as Stacy knows it, completely by himself. I purposely excluded the current year on David's due date for his work, meaning that this story could very well take place while Leremkov, or his namesake, to still be around and actively dose people. Keeping in mind that **David and Stacy are 22-24 years old** would mean that the story should take place around **2095-2098**.

## Connecting PENDULUM with David & Stacy
Both PENDULUM and David have deep interest in researching and potentially curing or helping people with dealing with altered DNA from Leremkov. During David's graduation assignment, he meets Stacy and learns her story and her family, and gradually learns more about the Leremkov Vaccines in the process. As described above, Stacy's father had close contact with PENDULUM and even agreed to have his DNA altered to match his partner's. As David gets to know Stacy more closely, he might ask her father about PENDULUM and then get into contact with them in order to progress his own research.