# Leremkov - BREACH
*BREACH* is an in-depth look at how **Dénis Tercekv** infiltrated Leremkov's secret *Genetic Labs*, where he produced the vaccine that cause the irreversible damage to humanity's genes and DNA. As a start, various snippets will be developed, after which they will gradually be tied together and form a cohesive story. 

## Drafted Story
### INFILTRATE 
A loud static could be heard in the back of the car, notifying Dénis that he had left his transmitter in the back seat. *"--ou read? Over"* could be heard, and was repeated another two times before Dénis had enough and picked up the transmitter, sending a signal back. **"Lion Squad. We read. Over."** 

It was a scorching hot day. One could argue it was a day far too hot to execute a plan like this in such a heat, especially with how badly the newly designed Pulse Rifles behave in the blazing sun. With a deep sigh, Dénis took his bottle of water and took a long sip, with Leo smirking from the driver's seat, noticing the suspiciously bright flower fields approaching. **"Seems we're getting close. Make sure your rifle is armed and warmed, you don't want that failing on you in combat."** Dénis scoffed, shaking his head as he looked in the mirror of the car, seeing two more trucks driving behind them. *"There's Eagle and Tiger squads.."* he thought to himself, the small warehouse-like building approaching quickly, with the flower fields right behind it.

Taking his transmitter once more, Leo lets go of the gas pedal and flips a switch, the noise of the engine quickly cutting out as he announces over the transmitter to the other two squads. **"Eagle. Tiger. Switch driver mode from hydro to electric. We're approaching target."** Putting the transmitter on the dash, he hands his pistol to Dénis, nodding and gesturing him to have him check his pistol as he leads the approach to the warehouse.

With a gentle approach, the group of cars comes to a standstill right outside the main entrance of the warehouse. Raising his hand out of the window, Dénis signals the other two squads to exit the car, with Eagle staying behind as a guard and scout for the outside of the building, while Lion and Tiger would breach the building. Taking their bags, arming their rifles, they approach the door, heads held high and fearing nothing. 

With his pistol in his hand, finger levitating above the trigger, Leo prepares to breach the front door, pulling at the handle to check if it's locked and in need of a gunshot opening, but instead finding the door pushing inwards. *"What the... fuck?"* he mumbles to himself, giving Dénis a quick glance out of sheer confusion. **"Seems fishy to leave the door open."** he promptly replies, his finger above the trigger on his rifle too. **"Stay cautious."** Looking behind him, he signals Tiger to follow through as they breach through the front door, into the vast darkness of the warehouse.

With a quick scan of the walls and immense storage units packed with flowers and boxes, Dénis shakes his head, already seeing the end of the warehouse, yet discovering nothing of interest. He sighs deeply, the other three squad members continuing to look for a hint of life, or another door at all, but without hope. This seemed to be the wrong site altogether. Was this a prank on them by control? \
Taking his transmitter, he picks up a signal from Control, as he looks up to find a large, circular and stationary drone hovering quietly above the warehouse. His transmitter crackles with static as he reaches out for help from outside. **"Lion reporting. Warehouse is inconspicuous. Are you sure these were the right coordinates?"** \
*"Absolutely. There is a lot of activity on your location. Look to the sky, follow the drone, I will relocate the drone and track the entrance, I believe you'll need to go below ground."* \
The silence and eerie ambience of the warehouse was quickly disturbed by the loud whirring of the drone, its cloak having completely disappeared now as it travelled further into the warehouse, before its light blinks twice and returns to a stationary position, quickly disappearing soon afterwards. \
**"That's a straight up cartoon skit, I did not just watch that happen."** Mike from Tiger scoffs, being dumbfounded by how quickly the drone reappeared and disappeared, before slowly making his way towards its new location, feeling the ground begin to begone more hollow beneath him. **"Okay, seems the cartoon drone was right."**

### BREACH
Following Mike, the other three squad members also notice the floor becoming more hollow and loose before reaching the very corner of the building. Scanning and looking around, Leo finds an otherwise suspiciously well-maintained bouquet of flowers, having collected plenty of dust but still looking like they came off the fields just a day ago. *"This doesn't look right.."* he whispers to himself, lifting up the bouquet and finding a wire attached to the bottom, as the four hear a hatch open, revealing a large, metal stairwell, leading them at least 10 flights downwards into the ground. *"Easy enough.."* Leo laughs, taking a bag of weight from his bag and tying it to the bouquet of flowers, letting it hang from the shelf and keeping the hatch opened. 

**"Tiger to Control. We've found the entrance, seems to be 10 flights of stairs downwards. Signal might get bad down there, just a heads up."** Mike says through his transmitter before taking the first few steps downwards, hearing the metal frame of the stairwell creak beneath his weight as he takes his Energy Pistol in his hand, letting it warm up on the way down and have it ready for whatever might hide down there. \
*"Copy Tiger. We'll track you through the drone. Stay cautious and activate cams."* Is the reply from Control, indicating that communication might be hard but observance will stay stable. With a heavy breath, Leo follows the other three downwards, expecting the unexpected.

After what feels like an hour, the four reach the last flight of stairs, reaching another poorly-lit and unmarked entrance. With Leo taking the lead, he tries to enter the room in the same fashion that they entered the warehouse, but without luck this time around. Taking his pistol and holding the trigger, he feels the gun become slightly warm to the touch, as he aims at the lock in the door and fires a single shot, leaving a molten intend in the door and a slight creak - the facility was unlocked. **"Careful kids."** he said, cool as a cucumber, while he carefully opened the gates, **"Things might just get ugly from here."**

Weapons drawn, the four push forward into the facility, quickly lowering them upon finding out how poorly the facility is lit. Only backlights and functional lights were on, but there was no other source of illumination. The ceiling lights were present but turned off, but what especially irked Dénis was the lack of alarms. Was this place even secured at all? If these were really Leremkov's Labs, the Labs that were the source of the lockdowns through all of Kérisant, his home nation, or even the complete alteration of humanity as a species, wouldn't it make sense to secure it more properly than this? \
Shaking his head and getting back to his senses, he looks to his left to see Mike squinting his eyes, as if something had gotten into them. Giving him a quick pat on the shoulder to check up on him, Mike quickly replies and apologises for making him worry. **"'t's nothing, just the nasty fish smell"** he jokes, pulling his scarf over his mouth and nose to reduce the intoxicating smell for himself. 

A sudden noise echoes through the enormous hall, startling everyone but Leo, who continues to scan around and look through the facility. There were lots of giant see-through containers, and although they were very poorly lit, you could still easily see which colour the liquids inside them had. A light purple, to an almost poisonous green, and through a series of bronze pipes it would eventually reach a pool of colourless liquid. Separating the various containers and vials were seemingly abandoned desks with plenty of used breakers on them. **"Lots has happened here,"** Leo suddenly says, breaking the silence as his voice echoes through the facility, **"just wondering what led to this."**

Turning around is Emil, investigating the noise that shook him and the others, noticing that the door which they came through had closed behind them. Assuming it's nothing, he suggests splitting up the groups into individuals, giving all four of them enough time to dive deeper into logs and taking samples, but especially finding out just what went on right here.

With a slight nod to the other three, Dénis heads northeast, keeping his weapon at the ready while gazing deeply at the immense size of the vials and containers. *"This is absolutely ridiculous"* he mumbles to himself, in awe at just how enormous this whole facility was, at how much research and development went into this, but especially, the damage it did to his home nation. *"This wasn't just Leremkov, this had to be an insanely well-organised agency. A single man wouldn't be able to have this run by himself!"* \
Beneath him, something rattled, as he immediately takes his rifle and points it directly to the floor, realising it was just a breaker that he nearly tripped over. It seemed, unused, but he didn't trust it at all. There was something seriously off about this whole place. A facility of this capacity with such precision, it wouldn't make sense for someone to drop a breaker, and leave it be. Taking his glove and a bag, he carefully picks it up and puts it inside the bag, marking it as "EV_D1", before continuing to walk around and analyse the entire corner of the facility for evidence, sources, and plans. 

Many samples and vials later, Dénis strikes gold, stumbling upon an otherwise abandoned computer. With a simple press on the power button, it jumps to life, the lights in the facility turning on, reducing the ominous backlight and omitting the need for flashlights. Taking a moment to look around the now properly-lit facility, he returns to the computer that sprung alive, placing his backpack on the floor and taking two USBs - one to enter, one to extract. It seemed simple, the black USB would force itself into the computer, unlocking any sort of account or file that was locked behind a password, while the white one would take any sort of data or evidence back to base. And just as soon as he put the black USB in, the lock screen disappeared, granting him access to every log and file that it had to offer.

*"That went.. suspiciously easy.."* Dénis mumbled to himself, Leo having made his way towards him in the time he hacked his way into the computer. **"Did our hackerman break his way into yet another PC?"** He laughs, clearly impressed by Dénis's work as he looks together with him through the files, gaining a hint of suspicion in the process. *"There's plenty of nonsense data in here, a lot of standard log files that track all facility activ-"* Dénis replies, cutting himself off as he stumbles upon a certain folder, *"Though this one seems, **very** unusual."*

A series of mouse clicks later reveals the contents of the folder, leading to a maze of subfolders, all related to Leremkov himself, his whereabouts, and his future plans. **"Take a look here,"** Leo says, pointing out a folder labelled as "Poland", **"We might have a reason why this lab is left alone."** \
Dénis nods, opening the folder, and finding a series of flight tickets and residence statuses, tracking Leremkov down all the way to the city of Poznań, Poland, where coincidentally a number of similar cases to the lockdown of Kérisant had sprung up. Without thinking twice, he copies and extracts all the folders and files to the white USB, making sure to gather all the evidence possible and properly analyse this back at base, as Leo informs the remaining two over his transmitter. **"Lads, meet us northeast, we've found the jackpot."**

As Emil and Mike make their way back, Leo explains what they had found while Dénis completes the transfer to the USB, removing any traces and shutting down the computer afterwards, causing the lights in the facility to return to the faint, purple backlight that made vision tough. Feeling an increased risk, the four of them quickly make their way back to the entrance they breached through, locking it down and neutralising it, making sure nobody can make their way back into the facility ever again.

### EXTRACT
In unison, the four let out a deep sigh, reaching the stairwell they made their way down from, dreading the return upwards through the 12 flights. With a deep breath, Leo claps his hands together, waking the other three back up as he begins his journey upwards, Mike and Dénis quickly following suit, with Emil coming following lastly. With a heavy series of breaths and after what felt like hours, they make their way to the last flight of stairs, and back into the flower warehouse, the nasty underground smell disappearing and the pleasant scent of flowers making their return. **"Quite the workout, wasn't it lads?"** Leo suddenly laughs, clearly untouched by the immense climb he just performed, while Mike was on the complete opposite end of that spectrum, being visibly exhausted and needing to catch his breath properly. 

A few laughs later, the main warehouse door suddenly opens, with Albert from the Eagle squad frantically signalling the other two squads. *"-proaching! We need to leave!"* he yells at the top of his lungs, trying to get Dénis and the others to return to the trucks as soon as possible. The four quickly let go of any conversation they were having, and immediately make their way towards the trucks, Albert already having started them up. Frantically gesturing the others to speed up, he and Marco quickly entered their own designated truck, already making their departure while the remaining squads lock down the warehouse, making sure it appears as if nothing had happened. Within 30 seconds, all three trucks leave while the dust cloud approaches, two silver cars hidden well within. Keeping an eye out through the rear window, his rifle continuously armed, Dénis keeps the silver cars in his sight, before they suddenly turn left, steering away from the warehouse that they had just left. Blinking twice to make sure he's not seeing things, the dust cloud settles, the other cars veering off into the distance, as he grabs his transmitter, informing the other two squads. **"Seems they didn't mean to go to the warehouse. Coast seems clear. Let's head back to base now."** 

Putting his transmitter to the side, he locks his rifle, putting it back to safety mode, and leaning back in his seat. Both he and Leo knew that every single bit of information they discovered would be vital for tracking down Leremkov, and for their mission to put his irreversible actions to an end. Taking the USB from his bag, he lifts it up, making sure it catches Leo's attention, as a wide smile forms on both of their faces. With a wide grin, Leo raises his fist, quickly followed by Dénis's fist, clenching the USB drive safely, as they chant proudly together:

**"Cz-ést prá Kérisant!"**


# Snippets
**Snippet of Eagle spotting a series of cars approaching in the far distance (noise)** \
// In the far distance, Eagle, who were on scout and guarding duty, take notice of a series of cars approaching from the far distance. In distress, they alert Lion and Tiger, who were already making their way back to the trucks. \
// They had successfully collected evidence and data, and locked down the entrance to the facility so nobody else could enter and tamper with the evidence site. Locking down the warehouse, all three squads re-enter their trucks and take their leave well before the other cars arrive, warning Control of the situation, who then keeps the cloaked drone in position to see what will happen. \
// As it turns out, the series of cars skip past the warehouse, making the squadrons believe it was a false alarm. (Open end. Were they really just passerby's, or did an alarm go off after all?)
