# A NEW DAWN - Outline
**A NEW DAWN** is a story that is in *active and early development*. It is set to integrate the following:
- [[Internal Channels]]: **Internal Channels** is a collection of communication and interaction logs monitored by various units built through **Project CORE**. In this story specifically, unlike [[ANGEL - Story]], it will closely follow the usage and monitoring through the eyes and sensors of **EX_C**, **2C**, and **OVER_C**. 
This story runs parallel to [[ANGEL - Story]], as well as **Heavy Rainfall Warning** (*// External*), [[TRAVEL RISK]], and **BENEATH THE SURFACE** (*// External*). \
After the **Fall of Oslo** during the **Oslo Revolution** ([[OSLO REVOLUTION]], *// Not Documented*), **Emily Østengaard** finds herself in a tough situation. Her home nation of Norway is now in dismay, and the institute she once worked for is under siege in Oslo. With a heavy heart, she leaves behind her home nation, and instead finds herself setting course for **Chicago, Illinois**, another nation that had been in absolute dismay a few decades ago, in **2058**. She is almost immediately given an open door into the re-developing **PALMER-EDEN** industry, a recovering institute that once prestiged in the pharmaceutical industry, but now found itself struggling to adapt to the sudden changes of becoming independent, and having endured a nationwide civil war. Even so, Emily finds herself quick at home and meets **Francis Ezarea**, an American scientist that specialised in robotics, technology, and also was acclaimed to be an excellent surgeon. Without much further roadblocks between the two, a dream duo emerges. \
The newfound stability isn't able to hold on for long, however. During research on the newly created projects **CORE** (Courtesy of Francis), and **POLARIS** (Courtesy of Emily), the two find themselves in the middle of another war as the calendar reaches the year **2062**. A revolt from the **Southern States** against an attempted expansion by their nation of residence **Illinois**, the two are left seeking a new home yet again. And luckily for then, that home kept doors wide open on a nearby planet: **Lúniks**. \
During the revolt, **SOLARdawn** is coined and founded almost immediately after as a means of paving the way for the existing projects and research that was being conducted under the flag of **PALMER-EDEN** to continue elsewhere. In the recovering nation of **Máneá**, a city that had faced a similar fate and breakup as the United States did in **2035**, the exponentially growing city of **Amadnésam** is eventually pinned down as their next destination. In **2064**, Emily and Francis, as the last remaining few researchers headed outbound, depart for the blooming planet, leaving behind the irradiated dustbowl of Chicago once and for all. \
The two adapt almost immediately to their new home, and before long, Projects **CORE** and **POLARIS** reach their respective end goals. **CORE** paves the way for various terminals that are used interchangeably by thousands of researchers every single day, swinging between units **2C** and **4C**. Across the campus, **POLARIS** becomes Emily's new life starting from **2067**, adjusting almost perfectly into her new role as project lead (*// A duty she shares with Francis*), as well as archiver and overseer of all existing and planned projects within the wings of SOLARdawn. \
#### Things to note regarding that: 
- **Polaris** (Emily), and **Francis** are both project leads, while only **Polaris** is an archiver. 
- *"All existing and planned projects within the wings of SOLARdawn"* implies that any project that had been in active development by the time Project POLARIS reached completion on Earth does **not** fall under Polaris's wings. Currently, this includes **GRADIENT** and **VIOLET**.
	- Even so, **Project VIOLET** *is* localised on Lúniks, and is instead overseen by Francis. Because of the fact it was in active development before Polaris, it's still considered to be under **Martin Palmer**'s control, rather than Polaris's. Even after his death, this does not get amended.
- **2C** reached production and activation in **2065**, becoming the mainstream Terminal Core ever since, until its more-capable replacement **4C** entered serviced in **2072**. Within the Western Wing, **2C** remains the most utilised Terminal regardless. Polaris herself uses a modified and evolved version of **2C**, until its iterated version **OVER_C** (Expected late **2076**) will eventually replace this custom Terminal.
- **State of United Máneá**: 
	- **Rhódisz** is created in **2042** (*// Secession from Zakh'háfo*)and avoids any economical damage, and only receives gains from the industries fleeing there to remain in service. 
	- **Máneá** is created immediately after the fall, but bounces back almost immediately, founding the Máneán Research Triangle, opening the door for any industries to return from **2047** onwards.
	- **Zakh'háfo** was created immediately after the fall, but has never managed to recover. It's become nothing more than a crumbling nation (Seen in [[TRAVEL RISK]]) that is considered and treated like the bin of Máneá and Rhódisz.

## First Press: Chapter outline
*// This list will gradually be exported into [[A NEW DAWN - Story]]*. \
Unlike **ANGEL**, the perspective remains solely on Emily/Polaris throughout the entire story. It will most likely start in **2059**, during the **Oslo Revolution**, and gradually evolve over the first act into the research for PALMER-EDEN, before eventually travelling and continuing her research within SOLARdawn on Lúniks. \
### IRRADIATE
In this first group of chapters, multiple key points are explored and elaborated on. These are:
- **HIGH TENSION**: During her research in an *unnamed* institute in **Oslo**, civil unrest emerges after a proposal made by the **ESA** for Oslo to expand and partially move to Lúniks rubs people the wrong way, the **Persson twins** eventually incite riots throughout the city in hopes to get their fellow citizens to join them in having their voices heard, saying that they are against such a decision. For Emily, her stance on moving to another planet was indifferent, but the unrest in Oslo had left her completely unable to continue her work within her home city and home nation, and instead, she decides to risk it all and leave her own nation behind to go to **Illinois**. 
- **OVERFLOW**: Despite adjusting excellently to her new space within PALMER-EDEN, and being frequently accompanied by **Francis Ezarea**, a force outside of her control has led her into a state of war once more. With her projects disturbed, and her living situation greatly endangered, only one option is left for her and many other researchers and employees within the confines of PALMER-EDEN. And that is to leave for Lúniks, and leave for SOLARdawn.
	- This extracts [[Internal Channels#Activity log in PALMER-EDEN outskirts, monitored by Unit EX_C - February 23rd, 2064]].
- **POLE STAR**: Reaching Lúniks and establishing their own research division within the Western Wing of the SOLARdawn, Project CORE reaches completion, and Project POLARIS follows soon after. Every project is now centralised and supervised by one person: Polaris herself. 
### Acts II and III
Whilst Act I is still unclear in its specifics, Act II and an eventual Act III are also on the horizon. However, considering the story is still in an incredibly early stage (*// September 2024*), those contents aren't yet defined. These are likely to include/extract:
- *// Unwritten Polaris log*: A due log for Polaris will include the reasoning behing the name of "Polaris", as well as a more ironed out description regarding the purpose of her eyes, and why she is passed along as a "visually impaired" or even "blind" person. **Polaris** as a name refers to the similarly named **North Star**, which is the Pole Star of Earth, where the project originated from. In comparison, Polaris herself is also the Pole Star, or very centre, of SOLARdawn in her role as an archiver. 
- Extracts [[Internal Channels#Activity log in the Western Wing, Polaris's quarters, Monitored by Unit 2C - September 23rd, 2073]]: "*Martin Palmer has died, and while GRADIENT is terminated, VIOLET has seen a breakthrough*." A chapter that either extracts this channel may include a meeting between **little Cisila** and **Polaris**. More regarding this still needs to be worked out.
- Extracts [[Internal Channels#Conversation between Polaris and Ladashvili, Monitored by Unit EX_C - June 27th, 2074]]: While this chapter specifically might not relate to Polaris herself in detail, it instead acts as a lead into [[ANGEL - Story]], and may also see a usage as a more broad explanation regarding the various means of anaesthetics during surgeries and operations in the foreseeable future.
- Extracts [[Internal Channels#Activity log in the Western Wing, Polaris's quarters, monitored by Unit 2C - August 07th, 2075]]: Like the channel above, this is a log specifically directed as a lead into [[ANGEL - Story]]. Again, for context as to what Polaris might be doing in her daily life as an archiver and project lead, it may still become more fully fledged out within this story, or become the exact opposite and only appear in name.
- Extracts [[Internal Channels#Activity log in the Western Wing, monitored by Unit 2C - September 20th, 2076]]: "*Gradient has fled PALMER-EDEN and has come in contact with SOLARsec*." As a parallel to **HEAVY RAINFALL WARNING**, this section will instead follow Polaris and her impressions of the unfolding situation, as well as her actions following them. This highlights the vast difference between her own decisions and management of projects that fall under her wings, as compared to those that fall under Palmer's wings (GRADIENT and VIOLET).
- Extracts [[Internal Channels#Activity log in the Western Wing, monitored by Unit EX_C - September 21st, 2076]]: "*Gradient has infiltrated SOLARdawn and retrieved not only information regarding various projects (ANGEL, VIOLET, CORE, TAKEOVER), but has also abducted Subject VIOLET (little Cisila)*." This will further highlight the disparity between Francis and Polaris regarding the treatment of Palmer's old projects and Polaris's own, and also shine a light on how SOLARdawn internally handles the abduction of Cisila (Through the eyes of Polaris, which are quite literally turning a blind eye to the whole ordeal).
- *// Unwritten Polaris log*: **"All ends with me. The centre of it all. A Polaris with wings that stretch beyond this galaxy. And under my wings, all ends here."**