# A NEW DAWN - Story
**A NEW DAWN** is a story that is in *active and early development*. It's set to focus on **SOLARdawn**'s **Western Wing**, especially focussing on the lifetime of **Polaris**. The outline is available at [[A NEW DAWN - Outline]].

# ACT I - IRRADIATE
## ONE - High Tension
**June 2nd, 2059** | **Oslo** \
**Emily Østengaard**
### Keep Focus
**"Blue skies are ahead."** Emily repeated to herself, taking a sip of her tea as she saw the government's banner appear on her feed once more. An incredibly ambitious plan, it was, and even though it was being communicated through the Norwegian government itself, it was a proposal and plan made not even by an institute located within Norway itself. The ESA had granted them an offer, one they believe that "They couldn't refuse". Emily's smirk grew wider as she swiped away the message for the third time this week. **"Not relevant to me.."** She whispered to herself, returning to her work that was laid out before her. Scattered all over her table were various flyers and papers, being pressed not just under, but over her peripherals before her monitor, giving any person that took a glance at her while passing through the hallways an impression that she was not doing any work at all, or was doing far more than she could handle at once. **"NORCE"** was written in the top left of every single one of the flyers, and evidently, it belonged to the institute that she was working under. And beneath her hands, all these flyers and papers, as well as what was displayed on her monitor, all belonged to the same project that she had been working towards together with her team. It was a project related to neural science, and it was an experimental program that explored the options of modifications to the human body in order to aid those that needed them most. It would be a means of allowing blind people to see once more, paralysed people to feel and walk once more, the deaf to hear, the chronically ill to heal, and so forth. There was no certain goal that her team was working towards, and yet, it would be an enormous leap for not just NORCE, but all of humanity, if implications like these could easily be helped through these methods. Even if they were already being developed on the sister planet Lúniks, Norway seemed to be on the forefront of the European movement for neurotech like this. And with that thought on her head, Emily breathed in deeply, and started to scour through the papers once more. \
*"You're not getting any work done with that pile of papers, are you?"* Esther, her supervisor, suddenly interrupted her, and taking her headphones off, Emily looked into the direction that her voice had come from, their blue eyes meeting one another. Pushing a strand of hair that had been covering her right eye to the side, she smiled warmly at her supervisor's face, their expressions mismatching, as Esther was frowning. **"You underestimate me."** Emily smiled back, taking a hold of a stack of papers and lifting them up for Esther to see. **"Ninety percent is already archived and put into the database. Just the pile under my keyboard is left."** She giggled, her legs swaying over the edge of her office seat. Emily was wearing brown jeans, decorated by a simple light-blue top, which didn't match the outfit that her supervisor was wearing. Instead of jeans, she was wearing a long straight skirt underneath a white blouse, which were underneath a plain white lab coat. But before she could get lost in her outfit and the mismatching colours, she was once again brought back to her senses as Esther crossed her arms, her brows remaining furrowed. *"No, I think I'm overestimating you, actually."* She replied firmly, eyeing the pile under her keyboard. *"We need to talk about this. Please come into my office after your break."* She simply continued, averting her eyes immediately after finishing, and stepped away from her desk, leaving Emily puzzled and wondering if there was something going on underneath, behind the scenes. Sighing quietly, she spun her chair back to face her desk, and rubbing her eyes, she returned to her monitor once. **"You're no fun.."** She mumbled to herself, pulling the last few papers from underneath her keyboard, and returned to finish up her work once more. 
### No time to rest
With a simple click on a button underneath her monitor, Emily's hour-long lunch break had begun, and stretching her arms up in the air to loosen them up, she stood up from her chair immediately. Letting it spin after standing up, she took her handbag and left for a little walk to ease her mind and to collect her thoughts. Even if she finished the work that she was supposed to have finished before her lunch break, the fact that Esther wanted her to come into her office still left her with an uneasy feeling in her stomach. What *was* going on behind the scenes? Was her work not enough? Her headphones were wrapped around her neck, and the only sounds that she could hear were the muffled noise of the tiles moving underneath the soles of her feet, the chirping of the birds in the trees above her, and the wind that was gently rustling the leaves in the very same trees. But after walking towards the bakery for a moment, another noise left her facing straight forward, into the direction the noise had come from. *"An explosion."* Emily thought to herself right away, and standing before a crosswalk that would lead her to her usual bakery, she instead moved into the direction the noise had come from, curiosity getting the better of her, especially since she knew she still had an hour left before her break would reach an end. It couldn't hurt to take a peek, right? \
Within a few minutes, Emily had made her way towards the direction of the noise, which seemed to repeat itself and echo between the various towers and skyscrapers in the very heart of her home city of Oslo. But peeking through a small alleyway, nothing had prepared her for the sight that she was about to see. *"Smoke."* She thought to herself, looking around her, desperately trying to find the source of the smoke, her eyes opened wide as she made the connection. Where there's smoke, there's fire, and her nose had picked up that very source too. Right behind the alleyway headed north, she could already feel the heat radiating into her direction, tickling her face while the summer sun was already doing plenty. Facing the increasingly worsening situation, she realised that she had gone too far to go back now. Even if there was a fire, and even if there was a plume of smoke joining the skyline amongst the other towers that were in the heart of Oslo, she was keen to figure out what it was that was happening. Marching forward, she could hear distant chants in the distance, and hearing the voices become louder with every step, she knew she was getting closer. With her handbag clutched tightly under her shoulder, Emily pressed forward through the last alleyway, now finally able to witness what exactly it was that was unfolding in the centre of Oslo. But with her eyes opening wide upon the very sight, she stood frozen in place, struggling to process what it was that was going on. Immediate regret went straight through her veins, but she was no longer able to walk back, her mind simply refused to. Her eyes couldn't avert it either, but her nightmares had come true right before them.

What was known as the tallest skyscraper in Oslo, a title that it had held since **2048**, was now burning right before her very eyes. Its base had been completely incinerated, and masses of people had gathered around it. Not with the intention to help, but as the lead cause for the tower's fire. Improvised roadblocks had been set up around them, the chanting was louder than ever, and multiple banners had been waving in the air the entire time. Flags of Norway, banners calling for action, banners mocking the face of the ESA, mocking the government of Norway. All of it was with the intention to bring the tower, which belonged to and housed the government, down to the ground. Along with all their ideas and ideals. Emily's hand flung to her mouth, covering it as she finally gained the confidence to turn around. No matter what the preface of this was, no matter the reasoning for the gathering of this enormous crowd, let alone the attempted destruction of a *government* tower, it had given Emily the strength and energy to step away from the imminent destruction site. She didn't care about the motives that they could have, she didn't care about whatever it was that the government could have done for them to be on the receiving end of such a criminally disgusting action. No matter what, she had to get out of here, *fast*. \
Holding her handbag tightly in her hands, she picked up the pace, she chants and bangs disappearing into the distance once more. *//*

*// Cont. Emily makes her way back to NORCE, and during the meeting with Esther, it is cut off short by the collapse of the government tower. The two realise that their own tower could very well be next, and ad hoc, their operations are paused immediately and indefinitely. This leaves Emily seeking a job once more, and realising that Oslo is no longer safe, the opportunity for PALMER-EDEN opens up.*

## TWO - OVERFLOW
**Chicago** \
**Emily Østengaard** 
### Sketch
*// Despite adjusting excellently to her new space within PALMER-EDEN, and being frequently accompanied by **Francis Ezarea**, a force outside of her control has led her into a state of war once more. With her projects disturbed, and her living situation greatly endangered, only one option is left for her and many other researchers and employees within the confines of PALMER-EDEN. And that is to leave for Lúniks, and leave for SOLARdawn.*

## THREE - POLE STAR
**Amadnésam** \
**Emily Østengaard**
### Sketch
*// Reaching Lúniks and establishing their own research division within the Western Wing of the SOLARdawn, Project CORE reaches completion, and Project POLARIS follows soon after. Every project is now centralised and supervised by one person: Polaris herself. *

# ACT II - POLARIS
## FOUR - AD INFINITUM
### Sketch
*// Drafted: In relation to the Infinite Archive (The illusion thereof), Polaris interrupts and confronts someone who seemed to be seeking for things that were out of their reach.*

## FIVE - THE LITTLE THINGS
### Sketch
*// Rough: "Routine" interaction between little Cisila and Polaris. Acts as a wind down chapter for the previous chapter.*

## SIX - ANGEL
### Sketch
*// Connecting the two enormous stories of A New Dawn and [[ANGEL - Story]], this chapter will go over the process of comforting and reassuring Angel in her doubts regarding her recent tasks (Executing Sergio, to name one), as told from Polaris's perspective.*

## SEVEN - DIVIDE
### Sketch
*// The year is 2076. Martin Palmer has been dead for a few years, and this had led his projects in limbo now that he is no longer able to maintain these. Polaris and Palmer made an agreement that they wouldn't interfere with one another's projects, and even posthumously, Polaris respects this. However, that's leading to issues, and with Gradient having made her way to Lúniks (After having escaped prison in Zakh'háfo), she has learned about SOLARdawn, the Amadnésam Campus, and thus, Project VIOLET. Extracts [[Internal Channels#Activity log in the Western Wing, monitored by Unit 2C - September 20th, 2076]].*

## EIGHT - VIOLET
### Sketch
*// September 21st, 2076. Gradient has successfully infiltrated the SOLARdawn campus and has abducted Project VIOLET: Little Cisila. While Francis is extremely distressed about the situation, Polaris herself is fully detached from what's going on, and thus allows Francis to find a solution by himself to have Cisila retrieved. Extracts [[Internal Channels#Activity log in the Western Wing, monitored by Unit EX_C - September 21st, 2076]], and further stretches around the relation that Polaris has with Little Cisila and the consequences to the **archive** that it has, now that Gradient has taken a look at some of the highly confidential projects (As seen from the various broken locks left on the floor.*

## NINE - GRADIENT
### Sketch
*// September 22nd, 2076. The night after Francis had deployed HDEATH to retrieve Little Cisila, Polaris sets foot to see for herself what events unfolded in the streets of Amadnésam. Without much care for what Project VIOLET really meant to SOLARdawn, as she isn't the one maintaining it, she comes across a destroyed street, and seeing for herself what took place in this street through her White Eye, she informs Francis that Little Cisila is no longer carried by Gradient, and simply considered to be "Lost". Extracts [[Internal Channels#Activity log en route, monitored by Unit 2C+ - September 22nd, 2076]].*

## TEN - BEFORE THE STORM
### Sketch
*// A few days (// Subject to change. Entirely dependant on how Heavy Rainfall Warning will unfold) after the abduction of Little Cisila, work for Polaris has resumed as normal, now keeping her focus on not just the maintenance of the Archives (Which will include another hint to her illusionary abilities in regards to the Infinite Archive/Abyss), but also to the maintenance of Project ANGEL, and Angel herself, who has been struggling with her mental health the past few days (// Currently unwritten. This will most likely take place in ANGEL's own story over the course of the week **after Nils's death**, and **before/after Nova's revenge**. Subject to change).*

## ELEVEN - OVERSEER
### Sketch
*// Late September, 2076 (// Specific date needs to be pinpointed. Date for OVER_C is currently **inaccurate**). While **4C** has been in service for the past four years now, and while Polaris had been using a modified version of **2C**, the next evolution and iteration of the Terminal Unit that was made specifically for usage by Polaris is now ready. Unit **OVER_C**, not only capable of all that **2C** and **4C** could do, is also able to record and even influence the illusions that Polaris can create, allowing it to navigate and manage the Archives effortlessly now that Polaris is busy with overseeing Projects VIOLET and ANGEL.*

## TWELVE - ABYSS
### Sketch
*// Due. (Title sounded cool but might get shifted around elsewhere. ABYSS and POLARIS may trade places, depending on what the latter's chapter will unfold into).*

## THIRTEEN - STARGAZERS
### Sketch
*// Calm before the storm: Now that OVER_C is able to maintain Polaris's duties in case of emergencies, Polaris gives herself a day and night off to give OVER_C the opportunity to do such a test run. Without a clear or proper announcement of her day off, Nadia ends up getting worried and starts to look for Polaris, ultimately finding her in the same spot she used to stay in before Project POLARIS commenced. Lost in the beauty of the stars, the two get into a conversation with each other.*
### Stargazer
Deep breaths, in and out, would be the only form of sound that would reverberate endlessly into the grassy fields that Polaris was laying in. It was something that she had loved to do many years ago, but hadn't been able to do all these past years. Stargazing, from sunset to sunrise, she would spend nights atop of a PALMER-EDEN tower and keep her head held high, looking at the stars, watching the stars move ever so slowly in the night sky. But while Chicago's landscape was barren and dry, Amadnésam's landscape was much more beautiful in comparison. Green fields stretching endlessly into the distance, the horizon broken by trees popping up in the distance, flowers sprouting from the unique soil that this planet had brought along, flowers that she had never seen before on Earth, but were dominant in this plain specifically. One more deep breath, in through her nose, and out through her mouth after having held it for five seconds. Her eyes closed for a moment, but were quick to reopen almost right away. It wasn't often that she would keep her eyes open for this long consecutively. Normally, they'd get exhausted right away, and considering the danger that came along with them, it wasn't something she was willing to risk either. But gazing at the night sky was the one thing she was confident enough in, and to her surprise, her eyes and her mind agreed, no longer stinging after minutes, no longer distorting her vision when staring too long, and instead, just like she had been all these years ago, were just there. A pair of eyes next to her nose, under her eyebrows. While they were once a feint blue, they were now an iridescent pink, and a polar white. Her eyes were considered unnatural by most, freaky by many, and scary by others. Her breaths became even deeper, but exhalations were more akin to deep sighs now. Her mind had drifted off, and had hit a sensitive nerve, a string she didn't want to play, because it was to ruin the performance. It had been true, and Polaris knew so too. 

*"It's not often I see you here, Polaris."* A familiar voice suddenly spoke from the distance. Her footsteps were approaching her, the sound of her boots pressing into the grass coming closer and closer. Polaris let out another sigh, although this one wasn't as deep and deflated. Her hands travelled to her stomach, her fingers intertwining, but her gaze not moving towards her approaching friend. **"There's no need for you to be here, Nadia."** Polaris said back, her dreamy mind gradually fading back to her usual, monotone and serious version of herself. Nadia snorted, and smiled as she lowered herself down onto the grass next to Polaris, crossing her legs, and looking down Polaris's body, avoiding her eyes. *"I should be telling you that! Don't just leave the campus like that! You had me worried sick!"* She smiled back, a playful yet genuine tone of annoyance in her voice. Giving Polaris's hip a gentle tap with the sole of her shoe, Polaris's face veered to the side, away from Nadia. Another sigh exited her lips. **"I should've.. yeah.."** She whispered back, blushing slightly in defeat, which left Nadia's eyes open wide in surprise, before returning to a wide, warm smile. *"What a sudden change of heart from my bookworm.."* She whispered back, giggling softly afterwards, attempting to break the ice. Instead, it only left Polaris blushing deeper, but even so, her face returned back to face straight up the sky. Both of her eyes were still open, and even though she still had the same, neutral yet tired expression on her face, Nadia could recognise an unusual emotion deep within them. *"Have the stars answered your cries yet?"* She whispered, the backdrop of the wind being the only thing quieting down the sound of their voices, and their breathing. At this time of the day, deep into the night, even the birds and insects had gone quiet, but even though it was pitch black, and even though nature had been completely speechless besides the wind, the stars also refused to speak. \
**"No.."** Was the only words to exit Polaris's lips, and even with her white eye pulsing furiously, it only lead to the expression on her face to turn more and more annoyed by the second. **"It's infuriating. I've witnessed everything on this planet, the birth and death of every element, every building, every event. I've seen Angel's mind from deep within, I've seen every single word that Gradient has ever read, and yet.."** She continued, her voice trembling as the memories and visions replayed through her mind once more. She gritted her teeth, suppressing any emotion that was going through her head, desperately trying to gaze at the stars in the night sky, and understand them. **"And yet.."** She mumbled, her right hand trailing off from her stomach, reaching out into the night in an attempt to grasp and take a hold of all the stars in the sky. **"And yet they stay quiet. I can't see their history, I can't see their beauty. I wish to listen, yet they don't speak."** \
Nadia's hand moved towards Polaris's chest, resting it on her shoulder, before she eventually laid down next to her. *"Close your eyes, Polaris."* She simply whispered into Polaris's ear, and almost right away, Nadia's arm moved towards Polaris's face, the glow of her eyes reflecting on the sleeved of her knit jacket, blocking her view. **"Nadia..-"** \
*"Trust me, Polaris."* Nadia immediately interrupted her, and promptly, Polaris complied, the glow on Nadia's arm disappearing now that her eyelids were shut. *"My Polaris, what do you see?"* \
Her lips twitched. Even if she had her eyes closed, the view of the Milky Way was still omnipresent in her vision. All of the stars that were in direct view of Lúniks were shining brightly, as if all of their eyes were fixated on the two women laying in the grass fields of Amadnésam. All of their individual lights, travelling tens, hundreds, or even millions of lightyears all the way to the planet that they were on right now. A journey that took every single star a unique amount of time, just to present their light to them in this very moment. **"The.. stars.."** Polaris mumbled back, completely taken aback by what her mind was presenting to her. Usually, an illusion like this would be something that she would enforce upon another person, for whichever reason, but never had she done it to herself. And without any effort, Nadia was doing exactly that. *"Listen carefully to them. Spread your wings."* Nadia continued, and subconsciously, all six wings that were pressing against the soil beneath her head spread and opened wide, brushing against the grass and creating a mess of her hair. *"Look, the stars. They're closer now, aren't they?"* \
Her eyes remained closed, and even so, the Milky Way, and all the stars within her galaxy, were suddenly moving closer into Polaris's view. They were racing past her view, but instead of words, they made no more than sound. A series of noises that even Polaris herself, with all her knowledge of everything, couldn't pinpoint. It was something entirely unique, completely mysterious, and all the more intriguing because of it. In the blink of an eye, all stars had gone past her view, and in the endless night before her, only one star remained. *"You know her well."* Nadia smiled, one arm still resting over Polaris's eyes, while her other hand gently squeezed her shoulder, immersing her even further into her own dreams. *"What's her name?"* \
**"Polaris."** She immediately replied, desperately wanting to immediately open her eyes to look at her namesake deep in the night sky, but finding herself suppressed from doing so. *"You're right. It's you, Polaris. Amongst the endless sea of stars, there you are. A star so bright, having witnessed so much, that from Earth, one sees every other star, every other light, voice, revolve around you."*

*// Cont. (Requires Nadia as a character to be rewritten into more of a medic, which **does** connect her properly to Polaris and give her a reason that she helped her in her rehab process together with Francis). With Nadia successfully reassuring Polaris's through means yet unknown, the two continue to stargaze together deep into the night, before ultimately returning to the SOLARdawn campus. To her relief, Polaris returns to her office to see that OVER_C's test run was successful (Details yet to be specified).*


## FOURTEEN - POLARIS
### Sketch
*// Due.*

**"On Earth, one gazes at the night sky, their eyes fixated on Polaris, Earth's North Star."** She quietly began, her eyes remaining closed, her arms opening wide, as if she were presenting a dance. **"All stars in her orbit swirl around her, revolve around her, and closely follow her by nature's intention."** She continued, her voice raising gradually as she continued to string her words together beautifully, her arms moving around widely, the backdrop beginning to fade to black. Before long, all that remained was Polaris herself, with her arms opened wide in an inviting manner, and gradually, small spots of light lit up the blackness surrounding her. In just a matter of seconds, the spots of light began to move, time progressing rapidly, before it became clear that the spots of light were circling around a central point. **"Alpha Ursae Minoris, her name is."** She smiled, the wings on the back of her head spreading open wide, the wind picking up, and the bright, pink luminescence leaked from her left eye as it opened slowly. **"Lúniks has no such star. Her poles shift too frequently to have such a North Star."** She continued, looking straight ahead, directly into [TBA]'s eyes. A mixture of white and pink light now came from her face. The bright, pulsing light flashed through the hair that had been covering her right eye, and even if the wind had picked up and furiously swept through her black-and-white hair, it wasn't enough to fully reveal it. **"And yet, [TBA], you are looking directly at her."** 
