# ÁLEF AFTER SUNDOWN
## Synopsis
*// This synopsis no longer matches the existing direction that Act II is going towards, meaning it needs to be updated.*

**!! ACT II takes place *Two Months** after the events at the Kristensend Ball.*

The deals come out at night, hidden in the alleys of **Álef**. Its automated transport system makes frequent travel between trading hotspots a breeze, and **Maria** knows this by heart. In an attempted interception of a trade, she comes in contact with **Raléi**, from **The Agency**, and the two agree on a ceasefire for the time being, and to combine their strengths to figure out who is intercepting their respective trades. Despite not being part of an agency, **Maria** is especially skilled in close-quarters combat, and looks are especially deceiving with her build. 

## EIGHT - Álef After Sundown
### Synopsis
Two months have passed since the disturbance at the *Kristensend Ball*, and even with ties between Kristánisin's Agency and Dáritke having severed, a neutral light finds her way between the disparities of the two. Intercepting a mission from Dáritke herself, Maria stumbles upon Raléi, and sparking up a conversation, the two realise that the two have a similar goal: Take down Dáritke as a whole.
### Confrontation, with ease
**"Why raise your weapon? You don't know me."**  
  
The young woman smiled under her breath, showing no signs of fear despite being on the receiving end of the barrel of a pistol. Her hair went down only to her shoulders, but was wavy. Round glasses decorated her otherwise pale face, resting on her nose just above her freckles, offering an improvement in the sight of her bright, lime-coloured eyes. She didn't appear like a person that excelled in a combat situation that she found herself in right now, but even so, she refused to let down her guard.  
  
*"Don't play games, I've seen you intercept that briefcase."* The deep and booming voice of the man on the presenting end of the barrel replied, bouncing against the narrow walls in the alleyway they found themselves in, echoing into the far distance. Looking through the iron sights on the pistol, the woman before him raised her arms, shrugging in response. **"I've no clue what you're on about."** She began, looking around her, below her, behind her. **"You clearly know what you're looking for, but I don't see it. Where's this briefcase you desperately want, then?"** 
  
Instead of a loud voice, the sound of a loud bang now passed through the alley, echoing and dissipating into the openness of the adjacent streets. But no sound follows, and the bang of the pistol fades away into the distance. The man's eyes opened widely, dumbfounded at the sight before him. Through the iron sights, he was aiming right at the forehead of the woman he was facing. But after firing, his pistol stayed in the same place, facing the exact same position, but she was now standing a metre to the left, her hair waving wildly in the air. In under a second, she must have moved, or he must have had a shiver go through his body that caused him to miss his shot.  
  
**"Tch. All of you are the same."** She scoffed, her expression having changed from being neutral to a clear sigh of annoyance. The man with the pistol stayed frozen in place, struggling, no, completely unable to process the absurdity of what he just witnessed. He opens his mouth, trying to express his mind, but finds himself short on words. The briefcase he saw her running with just moments ago had somehow vanished out of sight, and that is already disregarding the fact she managed to dodge a bullet, a bullet!  
  
**"I'll take my leave, if you have nothing to say."** She sighed. The man lowered his pistol in defeat, his finger leaving the trigger. *"How.. do you do.. such things?"* He stammered, his eyes following the figure of the woman that was now walking past him, now having stopped beside him. She smirked, her shimmering green eyes gazing him directly into his soul as she formulated her reply with a smug expression on her face. **"You're slow, and you're predictable. Two steps separate us. You're one step behind, and I'm one ahead."** She laughed, averting her eyes and breaking the staredown as she continued forward to walk out of the alley, into the open street.  
  
**"Do me a favour. Tell Mitch to keep his hands out of Álef. It'll help you out."**

Still stunned, the guard looked behind him, only facing the back of the young woman turn around the corner. Deflated, and defeated, he sighs deeply, and finally walks forward out of the alleyway. 
### Confrontation, with difficulty
A weapon raised once more. A briefcase held tightly in the other hand. But this time around, it was the young woman herself that was looking down the narrow and short barrel of a pistol. The neutral expression that was on her face while confronting the guard was prominent yet again, as she broke the awkward silence and addressed the person at the end of the barrel, her hands raised. **"Agency, isn't it? What brings you here?"** \
The woman before her barrel chuckled, raising her hands in the air to admit defeat already. Her blue, slightly wavy hair shined brightly in the sunlight. *"You're young. Do you know what you're doing?"* She asked with a gentle, and innocent smile. She meant no harm, that much was for sure, but Maria didn't take any further risks after already encountering troubles earlier. **"I might be. But I don't do second guessing. What brings you here to me?"** \
*"Curiosity."* The woman replied with a wider smile. *"You're skilled. I mean no harm, nor do I need the briefcase you're holding. Let's point the gun down and talk it out, shall we, Maria?"* \
Maria complied immediately upon hearing her own name, and returned the pistol into her pocket, sighing deeply. **"At least put on a bit more of a contest, Raléi."** She laughed, the tense atmosphere between the two dissipating within a second. She clutched the briefcase tightly in her left hand, poking Raléi's side with her other hand. **"You're still tensed up from the Kristensend Ball, let's ease up with a coffee, I'll treat."** She said with a wide smile, leaning against Raléi, as the two made their way to the nearest café. 
### Cooperation, not confrontation
Raléi sighed deeply, taking a long sip of her coffee upon finishing with talking. The two had taken a seat at a nearby café not too far away from the alley that Maria had intercepted the briefcase, but after scouting the area and making sure there were no more members of Dáritke left to track her down, the two finally could take a breather and catch up properly again. **"I take it Kasper is now in the leading role?"** She asked, taking a sip of her own coffee as well, intrigued to learn what really happened after the Kristensend Ball earlier in the week. She had made a surprise appearance to both Raléi and Nils, but ever since she had been off the radar until now. Raléi nodded in response, placing her cup back on the table again. *"I'm pretty sure he's been hospitalised. Just last month he was in top shape, if I had to believe Nils. It's the same that happened with Gustavo, his health suddenly plummeted."* She said with a neutral expression on her face, resting her head against her hand that was footed on the table. *"It's the same that's happening to Omáti too, but he's been keeping up better than the other two.."* \
**"You're not picking up arms against Dáritke, are you?"** Maria suddenly interrupted, as if she had read Raléi's mind. With a surprised expression, she averted her eyes to the side, trying to dodge the question at hand. **"You don't need to keep things from me, Raléi."** Maria continued, a genuine smile on her face as her deep green eyes shimmered under the sunlight. **"We share a common goal if so, and even with that, I'd much prefer spending more time with you rather than observing the Metro again."** She giggled, finishing her own cup of coffee before continuing to gaze into Raléi's troubled eyes. With a quiet sigh, she got up, finishing the last sip of her coffee as well before putting her jacket lined with a teal stripe once more. A wide smile appeared on her face as she returned her eyes to Maria's. *"Then let's get moving, shall we? We have much more to catch up on."*

## NINE - Challenging Fate
### Synopsis
**Raléi** and **Maria** teamed up together, and Maria's knowledge of the security systems and schedules of the Álef Metro gave the newly formed duo the upper hand in reaching and infiltrating a Dáritke stronghold. Even though Gustavo had died three years ago, the legacy he left behind remains deeply rooted within the mysterious, grim agency, leaving it growing more and more akin to a mafia day by day. Raléi and Maria agree on the spot to take down Dáritke as a whole together, and after relaying the idea at home in Kristánisin, the duo departs with Nils towards the underground to make a stand within the stronghold.
### Home Sweet Home
With a careful tap against the locker on the doorframe, the lock beeped twice and blinked with a small green LED. A second after, the glass door whirred and slowly moved itself out of the way. Sighing softly, Raléi put the card back into her wallet and before long, guided Maria through the door. *"Home sweet home."* She whispered to herself, as the two made their way towards the elevator to bring them up to the third floor of the otherwise 15-story tall tower in the heart of Kristánisin. \
It wasn't uncommon ground for Maria to be in, she'd visited The Agency's office plenty of times before, but had stayed mostly in the heart of Álef during her own internship at the Álef Metro, and with Kristánisin still being about 15 minutes away by train, she opted to instead live right above the control room. But with her internship behind her and plenty of experience under her belt, the conversation she had with Raléi during their coffee earlier in the day gave her new hope, and a new reason, to stay in the Kristánisin office for the time being.

Unlike the electric lock, Raléi took a simple lanyard with a handful of keys attached to it this time around and unlocked the otherwise inconspicuous door to room **307**, and as the door creaked open loudly, Maria already felt like it had just been yesterday she had last been here. *"I heard two pairs of footsteps!"* Omáti laughed from the kitchen, scrubbing the final set of plates clean. *"Brought a new recruit along?"* \
With a little push in the back and a smirk on her face, Raléi gave Maria a little push in the back forward into the living room, and spotting Nils's back on the sofa, she saw the ever-familiar face of Omáti to her left in the kitchen. **"Quite the opposite, actually."** She smiled, making her way towards her old acquaintance that she hadn't seen in a good handful of months. Placing the plate in the sink, Omáti immediately turned around in surprise, not expecting to see Maria at this time of the day at all, especially since Raléi had told him after the Kristensend Ball that even though the two had caught up again, the odds of her returning to The Agency were practically zero. **"Still a magician in the kitchen? What's cooking tonight?"** She teasingly asked Omáti, who immediately laughed it off as he took off his rubber gloves. *"Dish soap lemonade tailored for you, unless you give me a proper hug now!"* He chuckled, opening his arms wide for Maria and inviting her for a hug, only cementing the feeling of returning to home even further within her shoes. In the corner of her eye, Raléi could see that Nils had gotten up from the sofa as well, and with a warm smile on her face, she couldn't help but feel a sense of comfort swirl in her stomach. Even if they were just a team of four, they felt like a tightly packed family, with all sorts of different origins and history, they all had a common goal: Whoever it would be that got lured into this circuit, they'd give them the support and foundation they deserve to get out again. *"That's what Alex founded The Agency for.."* Raléi sighed to herself under her breath, staring at the carpet on the floor with her arms crossed while Omáti and Maria were beginning to catch up. For now, the worries and thoughts on her mind wouldn't need to be touched upon just yet, and looking back up to the two talking and laughing, she couldn't help but smile back. The two deserved a little ease of mind like this. 
### Common ground, common goals
In unison, the four exhaled deeply upon finishing their plate of local cuisine mastered by Omáti. But it didn't take long before the moment of bliss was interrupted by Raléi, who cleared her throat to get the attention of the other three seated at the table. Within a moment, all three pairs of eyes were fixated on the head of command of The Agency, who inhaled slowly and deeply, trying to figure out the right words to start things off with. \
*"I don't think I need to explain this to you."* Raléi began after exhaling slowly, smiling at Omáti before averting her eyes towards those of Nils. *"But Maria and I have known each other for longer than a few years, you could say. You've met her at the Kristensend Ball as a first impression, Nils."* She continued, and seeing the puzzled look in his eyes, she decided to skip over the history lesson and cut to the point right away. *"We've been engaged for about a year now, even if we weren't able to see each other often. But we caught up on one another earlier today once more, and came to the same conclusion. The obvious elephant in the room is in the way of any progression we want to make, anywhere. The room, being Zakh'háfo, the elephand being Dáritke."* \
Nils nodded understandingly, darting between Maria and Raléi as they smiled at one another. It hadn't even occurred to him in Kristensend, but now that he was fixated properly on the idea, he suddenly spotted that the two young women were indeed wearing matching rings. *"The two of you."* Raléi continued, pointing at Omáti and Nils at the opposing ends of the table. *"Also have a similar goal, or a similar ambition, and for you, Nils, I can especially imagine your deep desire to break apart Dáritke from inside out, especially after you saw what happened to Antoine, and what happened with Edgar."* \
Maria promptly stood up, and with a wide smile on her face, she took a marker from her pocket and stood next to the whiteboard that had been standing in the corner of the living room doing nothing but collecting dust. But rolling it towards the dinner table, it would finally see a use today, as Maria took over the role of speaker from her partner. **"I reckon you three are ever familiar with the Álef Metro, automated since the early days of United Máneá, and still running those same protocols today. There's an incredible system of tunnels underground that can lead you anywhere you want, so long you take the right roads, which is where I will be your guide. But as for what this leads to.."** She smiled, glancing at Raléi, who had stood up to stand on the other end of the whiteboard with her own marker to draw an outline of the plan they would be executing in a matter of days, if not hours. *"Hidden underground near an emergency hatch within the tunnels of the Álef Metro, is a stronghold courtesy of Dáritke. I've walked through there myself years ago before I defected here with the help of Alex, but all in all, it should be a fairly easy target to kick things off. Once we breach through the emergency hatch, there's a series of hallways to go through before reaching the main office. When we get to the office, we neutralise whoever's inside, and from there on, we pick up the pieces left behind, and discover our next targets, again and again, and before long, we'll make our way to the top to dethrone their "King" and bring an end to Dáritke as a whole."*

A moment of silence filled the kitchen, but taking another good look at the schematics that Maria and Raléi had drawn, Omáti felt a question arise. *"I will obviously not tag along, I can barely walk for longer than ten minutes, of course."* He began, lifting his finger up in the air and pointing at the various tunnel routes that Maria had drawn. *"Even so, how will you go underground without alarms triggering?"* \
Maria smiled in response, giggling softly under her breath as she revealed a keycard from her back pocket. **"A trump card!"** She laughed, holding it up in the air while pressing it between her fingers, showing the logo of the Álef Metro in the very centre of the card. **"They never asked for my entry card back, which means I can still lead us underground without an alarm going off. Tried and tested a week ago. It should ease our way inside, at least."** \
*"All aboard?"* Raléi asked afterwards, looking especially at Nils, who was listening eagerly but kept quiet otherwise, nodding slowly in agreement to the proposed plan. \
**"Deal's done!"** Maria laughed, removing her pistol from her holster and placing it flat on the table, readying it for a proper check up later on in the night. **"We'll leave either tomorrow, or the day after at around ten in the morning. Make sure you're ready with supplies and weaponry. I'll help you with the dishes in a moment, Omáti!"** She continued, before dropping her marker on the table and sprinting off into her and Raléi's bedroom, reappearing just a moment afterwards with fabric bag. **"But until then, I brought some Jótuhli candy to up your spirits!"**

## TEN - By a Hair's Width
### Synopsis
Taking down an incredibly well-organised agency is much easier said than done, and Raléi and Maria narrowly escape from the freshly-infiltrated stronghold in Álef, leaving a target on the both of their heads for the rest of their lives. With **Nils** now tagging along, the three breach and break through into the Dáritke stronghold, but ultimately being met with a retaliating force much greater than they had expected.
### Through the maze
**"Left here."** Maria began, with Raléi and Nils promptly following her lead. The three had been roaming through the complex hallways and tunnels of the Álef Metro for the past ten minutes, but surprisingly so, it had felt like much less than that. Maria's mind was running overtime. She envisioned the various patrol units and yellow-striped mercenaries follow these exact routes through the tunnels before during her time while supervising the metro they were navigating through now. Maria held her right hand out, turning around to face the two members behind her as she held her finger on her lips, a warm yet careful smile hidden behind it. It wouldn't be too much further before the three would reach their destination: The underground Dáritke Stronghold in Álef.

It took a few more steps, but the three finally arrived as what appeared to be a routine emergency door. It was inconspicuous to the everyday people that would pass by, especially since there would almost never be a need for the emergency escape routes to ever be used. But even so, the narrow and complex tunnels had been built over 50 years ago, and in case the worst *was* to happen, the emergency tunnels would provide the everyday commuter back to the overground, outside the metro. But unlike the others throughout the kilometre-long tunnel, this door was especially intriguing. In the top right, a small yellow stripe was placed, serving a recognisable point for those new to Dáritke, or those embarking on their first trade mission with them. Maria exhaled deeply, gesturing the other two to wait for her as she placed her ear against the door, hoping to hear a sign of life. Much to her surprise, she could indeed hear a sign of life, a lone voice in the far end of the hallway was talking to themselves, and the sound was cancelled out by the sound of machines and computers quietly whirring close to the door. Maria exhaled deeply, sitting down next to the rest of her squad. \
**"There's one person inside, lots of wiring."** Maria whispered, watching Raléi and Nils load their pistols and preparing to breach through the door. A wide smile appeared on her face, as she loaded her pistol herself as well, rocking the chamber back and letting it click back forward into place. **"It's achievable. We've got this."**

The three remained quiet, and locked eyes with one another. They were all fully aware that whatever it was that they were embarking on now, there was no way for them to ever return to their normal life. Dáritke wasn't just an agency, it was becoming akin to a mafia, and Raléi especially knew that those in the leadership roles wouldn't let a breach like the one they were about to do slip away from their hands. Dáritke would go through fire and flames, just to take revenge on those that attempted to harm their image, or harm the foundation upon which their agency was built on. Raléi grinned, her eyes darting from Maria's face towards Nils's. *"Let's give Gustavo's ghost a scare, shall we?"* 
### Inside out
With a quiet sizzle, the lock installed on the door melted away, giving the three easy access to breach through and deal with any sort of hostilities that nested behind this door. With her pistol drawn, Raléi quietly opened the door, peeking though the gap she created with her pistol held before her, but to her surprise, there was nobody to be seen at the end of the barrel. She shook her head, not thinking too much about it, and gestured Maria and Nils to follow her lead. The halls were almost completely blackened out, the only source of light being the dim status lights on the systems monitoring the airflow within the stronghold. Raléi pressed forward, knowing that there would be a greater risk for things to go wrong the deeper they'd push into the stronghold. They could be ambushed at any moment, or the door could close behind them and be guarded, adding another obstacle in the way of making their way out in the worst case. But swallowing away these fears, she kept her pistol drawn and pressed through the next door. *"This one leads into another tunnel."* She whispered to Maria after having opened it to peek through. *"Do you know which?"* \
Peeking through the gap herself, Maria stood still for a second, the entire map of the underground systems appearing before her eyes again as she pinpointed the exact location the tunnel found itself in. **"Kassam-Szebta."** She whispered back, eyeing both ends of the tunnel. **"This could be our escape route, there's a firm lock we can apply, it's an emergency valve."** \
Raléi nodded, and quietly closing the door once more, she pressed back into the main hall. Where Maria shined in her knowledge of the underground tunnels, Raléi's past experience within Dáritke gave her an easy way through the stronghold. Despite their unorthodox approach to most standards, the strongholds and outposts that were directed and ordered by Gustavo himself were almost always identical to the one she'd spent a year within herself. Passing the lobby, Raléi guided herself and her squad towards the left. *"The main hall should be towards the left. Whoever's in office, their resignation is today."* She smiled, inspecting her pistol for any possible and sudden mishaps, gesturing the other two to do the same. They'd already made their way deep into the stronghold, and with the risks of failure now building up to its maximum height, it couldn't hurt to perform a double check before they'd breach through. **"All is well."** Maria nodded to Raléi, followed by Nils doing the same. Their weapons were loaded, their spirits were high, and their goal was clear. Whatever was behind this door, the three would barge in together and open fire to any force inside that resisted. Raléi pressed her ear against the door, only able to pick up the voices of two or three people. It seemed quiet and inactive enough, if they'd push in now, they could easily lock the door they barge through behind them and take their time to uncover whatever it would be that Dáritke was planning next, and from there on they'd put themselves one step ahead time and time again. 

Raléi lifted her hand up after checking the lock, which appeared to be disabled. They had free range, loaded weapons, and a clear goal. One by one, she lowered her fingers, until only one finger remained. One second was left, and when it passed, the three immediately made their way through the door, only to be met with a sight that belonged to nightmares. Raléi's impression of the room appeared to have been greatly misjudged. She only picked out two voices behind the door, but in reality, it was at least ten times as many people that were behind the door. Whatever it was that was going on, it was suddenly interrupted, and with their weapons drawn, the three opened fire, aiming blindly at all the various mercenaries that had been standing upright, listening to their commander in service under the surface of Álef. The panic that ensued after breaching through the door of the Agency's trio caused them to fire wildly and inaccurately, only hitting the shoulders of a few and lethally harming two mercenaries at once. Even if their goals were ambitious, they had been far too impossible to achieve, and now, the mercenaries drew their own weaponry. 

Nils's eyes opened wide. His pistol was emptied, and in shock, he saw each and every individual mercenary that was still standing upright draw their own weapons in slow-motion. Time was taking forever to pass, while simultaneously going by in just a flash. Fire had been opened, and before he had fully grasped the situation, bullets pierced through his body. Raléi immediately turned around to cover the freshly wounded young man, acting as a flesh shield and taking bullets into her chest, arms, and legs while pushing him out of the door. **"Go!!"** Maria yelled, her pistol drawn to offer suppressing fire while the three quickly made their way to retreat. There wasn't much time left, and any next bullet that would hit Nils could mean the end of his life. The risk was far too great, as it had been from the very start, and carrying Nils towards the emergency valve that she had spotted earlier, Maria was quick to follow behind her. Nils's blood was beginning to soak Raléi's clothing. and stumbling towards the door, she kicked it open without too much thought. There was no room to think twice, let alone for longer than a second. Whatever her instinct told her, she acted up on it. *"We're behind the hatch, Maria!"* Raléi yelled back, watching her partner race towards the valve and pulling it to the side, she activated the lockdown mechanism on the door. Ducking quickly, she forced her way through the closing hatch, and breathing heavily, the three had successfully made their way out of the Dáritke stronghold they had desperately tried to destroy not even a moment ago. 

Resting her hands on her knees, Maria bent over to properly catch her breath, relieved and amazed that she had made her way out relatively unscathed. The only had a bullet graze her arm, and nothing more than that. But looking at Raléi, she knew that she was in a much worse shape than that, and glancing at Nils, the problems only grew bigger and bigger. Raléi carefully placed him on his back on the floor, giving him the room to breathe properly as the two tended to his wounds. Gunshot wounds, burnt clothing and skin, the risk of survival was declining with every passing second. Raléi took off her shirt and pressed it against Nils's bleeding leg before wrapping it around tightly, creating a makeshift solution to staunch the bleeding and prevent more blood from getting lost. The two young women continued to recover their breaths while tending to Nils's wounds. Whatever the outcome to this would be, there was only one possible solution to this particular situation. Omáti would have to make his way into the tunnel to retrieve him, and guide him to the hospital for proper care there. Raléi sighed as Maria took her phone out of her pocket, already ringing Omáti's number before her eyes suddenly opened wide. Raléi was frantically waving at her, desperately trying to get her attention. The situation seemed to grow dire by the second. *"Maria."* She began, *"His breathing stopped."*

## ELEVEN - What Hides Under Álef
### Synopsis
**The Agency** is now a target to **Dáritke**, and the patriotic members of the latter do not mess around with assigned targets. The bounty hunt on Raléi and Maria continues, which forces the two to dwell around through the packed metro system of Álef, in hopes to stay out of sight, and in hopes to arm themselves for when the inevitable strikes. Having passed out from the blood loss from the gunshot wounds, Nils is revived by Maria and almost immediately tended to by the two young women. If it wasn't clear yet, it for sure was now: Nils wouldn't be able to aid them in their fight anymore, and with Omáti coming into help the three and pick up Nils to carry him towards the hospital in Ákros. This leaves the wounded Raléi and experienced Maria walking through the Álef underground, fully aware that there are now two enormous targets laced to their backs.
### Awaken 
The voices were feint, and his body felt numb. Odd, scrambled memories ran through his mind while I could feel something poking and pressing against his arms and chest. **"-Raléi.. NE-5.."** The voice echoed in the far distance. He felt paralysed, and the memories swirling around in his head remained nothing more than just that. An enormous puzzle was forming, but he wasn't able to solve it and complete the picture. **"-hurt a lot.. Sorry Nil..-"** The voice whispered, having gotten closer to his ears for just a moment before he could feel something poke into his chest, putting his entire body under an amount of stress he had never felt before. He gasped for air, opening his eyes but instead seeing nothing more than a blur before him. His body rapidly returned to his senses, and the pain and numbness that he was feeling just a moment ago were now gone, but trying to move his hand to his face, he was instead held back in place by the young woman to his right. **"Don't move yet, Nils, you're in shock."** She whispered, and Nils recognised the voice to be Maria's. Exhaling deeply, he could see Raléi to his left as his vision slowly began to return to normal. *"Wha.. wh.."* He mumbled, staring up to the ceiling to see the dim light illuminating the stone roof of the tunnel above him. **"You were hit the worst after we breached the stronghold's office, Nils."** Maria sighed, pressing another syringe into his arm and slowly numbing the pain that was making a return in his body. **"It's a miracle you're still kicking."** She continued, wrapping a bandage around his leg after having taken out a bullet shell from it. **"Omáti is on his way, he'll bring you to the hospital in Ákros, we can only tend to you so much."** \
Nils sighed deeply, slowly but surely feeling his senses return to normal, whatever his new normal might be. *"Did we..?"* He asked, struggling to breathe as another syringe entered his upper arm. Both Maria and Raléi remained quiet, and feeling a makeshift pillow get placed under his head, he already felt like his question was answered. **"Stay kicking, Nils, Omáti is here in a minute."** Maria instructed, her voice having changed into a more serious tone as she wrapped another bandage around his bleeding arm. **"You're going to recover in Ákros. Raléi and I will make sure this won't be in vain."**

It didn't take much longer for Omáti to arrive, and hidden near the emergency door that they had closed behind them after escaping from Dáritke's stronghold, the three now tended to the very slowly recovering Nils. His breathing had finally stabilised, but he was still in a terrible shape. Maria sighed deeply in defeat, holding her hand over her mouth as the seriousness of it all began to dawn upon her. She and Raléi had nearly lost an esteemed member of their Agency, someone who was lured into this circuit by no means of his own. His own words has caught up on him. **"High risk, high reward."** He had told Maria after meeting her properly just under a week ago. Before her eyes, she could see Nils's parents, and Nils himself reuniting in France with them. It was Nils's dream that she saw before her, but the vision faded as quickly as it had appeared, bringing Maria back to the grim reality as Omáti placed Nils on the stretcher. He was covered in bandages, his leg was torn, and he could barely move by himself. *"I came with the van for this, it won't be a pleasant drive for him, but he's a tough guy, he'll kick through it."* Omáti smiled, pressing his hand firmly against Maria's shoulder to ease her up and relieve her from the haunting image she was trapping herself within. Exhaling deeply, she struggled to formulate her words, her emotions beginning to eat away her thought process, only allowing a quiet **"Thank you.."** leaving her lips. She glanced at Raléi for a moment, who was still tending to Nils, injecting another painkiller into his upper arm. She too knew that it wouldn't be an easy way back out of the metro, and it would be an extreme risk for the two women to escort Omáti as well, especially with Dáritke now having laced a target to their backs. **"Stay safe, Omáti."** Maria mumbled, watching him depart while pushing Nils forward on the stretcher. *"I should be the one telling you that, Maria."* He said back, waving at the two young women, fully aware that there was a looming risk that this would be the very last time he would be seeing them. *"You're strong, and smart! You'll find your way out together!"* He shouted, a wide smile on his face as he turned back around. Exhaling deeply, Maria broke her focus on the disappearing stretcher in the distance and instead face the floor, her courage beginning to sink away beneath her. But a press against her side from Raléi immediately snapped her out of her downwards spiral in her mind, and looking to her right, she was met with a wide smile on her face. *"We should move on as well, it won't take much longer before the door gets breached."* Raléi smiled, her hand slowly making its way towards her own. Maria nodded slowly, swallowing away the doubts and fears in her mind, and grabbed her partner's hand tightly, regained confidence appearing on her face as she smiled brightly. **"We'll find a way out together."** She smiled, repeating Omáti's words as she looked into the far distance. The silhouettes of their colleagues had already vanished, but the worries she once had about their safety were now washed away completely. They too, would find a way to Ákros safely, and even with how terrible Nils's physique was at the moment, it wouldn't take long before everything would turn out for the better again.
### What hides under Álef
Tracing the walls, Maria began to warm up into what she once considered her home. Day in, day out, she would keep surveillance over the metro halls, managing the automated metro, and keeping an eye on every corner of the underground tunnels. To her, she knew the tunnels like the back of her hand, and right now, it would prove to be vital. **"There should be a hideout near Siftka."** She whispered to Raléi, who was following closely beside her while continuously holding her hand. The two didn't allow anyone or anything to separate them anymore, and while Maria continued to follow her senses and traced the walls, Raléi kept an eye out on the other ends of the hallway. It was a dream duo, and before long, it would bear its fruits.

**"Left here."** Maria whispered, her deep green eyes shimmering in the dim light of the tunnels as she looked back at Raléi. **"This leads to the Siftka underground. We can find a stay there for the rest of the night."** Raléi nodded, and looking behind her, she made sure to not leave behind a single trace. Their backpacks were half-full, and they were both fully aware that neither of them would survive too much longer on empty stomachs. Pausing momentarily, Maria checked her watch. It was already nearing midnight, and it had totally flown past her that they had breached the stronghold late in the afternoon. Time had breezed past, and the exhaustion was slowly beginning to get to them. *"I see a bench, darling."* Raléi suddenly whispered, and clearing the rest of the tunnel, Maria nodded with a wide smile, setting course towards the bench. **"That'll be our bed for the night, then."** She groaned in response, eyeing the flat, stone surface. She already felt a shiver go through her body upon the thought of laying down on top of it, but she also knew that she simply had no other choice. They were nowhere close to Kristánisin right now, and going overground would take extra time and put them at risk of being spotted by Dáritke mercenaries. Raléi sighed deeply, taking off her backpack as she loosened the bandage around her wrist, revealing the remainder of a gunshot wound from just a few hours ago. Sitting down on the bench, Maria was quick to follow, almost immediately glueing herself against Raléi to warm each other up, the exhaustion now finally beginning to get to her senses. **"It's just.. one night.."** she yawned, pressing her head against Raléi's shoulder while taking a look at the wound on her wrist. **"This should heal just fine overnight, I'll bandage it tomorrow for you again to keep it from infections."** She smiled, her eyes glimmering as she looked deeply into Raléi's eyes, whose eyes also glowed back in response. The two stared for just a little longer, seconds quickly becoming minutes, before the two finally broke the staredown as Maria closed her eyes, leaning forward to press her own lips against Raléi's, giving her a gentle and soft goodnight kiss. Reopening her eyes, Raléi smiled back warmly, wrapping her arm around her partner as she slowly closed her eyes again, whispering softly into Maria's ear. *"It's just one night like this.. we'll find our way home tomorrow."* She began, exhaling softly. *"Sleep well, Maria.."* 

***"Goodnight, love."***
 
## TWELVE - TARGETING // TARGETED
### Synopsis
Maria and Raléi manoeuvre swiftly through the backalleys and halls of the Álef Metro, Maria's knowledge shining brightly and her experience granting them a sliver of hope, and a stroke of luck. Eavesdropping on various Dáritke mercenaries, the two ambush and intercept a group unexpectedly to stock up. With restocked arms and confidence, the two begin a new approach: Targeting those are targeting them, and working their way into Dáritke as such, to take them down from the bottom up.
### Targeting
A cold breeze through the tunnel reminded Maria that she wasn't asleep in her own bed in Kristánisin anymore. The tunnels were freezing cold, the constant ventilation systems working overtime to keep the pressure low and the subsequent underground temperature comfortable for the enormous flow of passengers to walk through at ease. It was never intended to be a sleeping place, but for Raléi and Maria, no other choice was available. With a deep groan, she checked her watch, rubbing her eyes to steady her vision as she checked the time. It was barely 7 in the morning. Sighing deeply, she stood up, before frantically looking around the tunnel after realising Raléi was no longer on the bench beside her. Her backpack was still there, but before her mind plummeted into a state of panic, she could see her partner's silhouette appear from the western end of the tunnel, waving at her as she approached. Maria let out a deflated sigh, her sense of panic being overwashed by a deep feeling of relief. Slinging her own backpack around her shoulder, she checked if anything was left behind on the bench, before making her way towards Raléi to meet her once more.

*"I thought I'd take a little walk in the breeze."* She smiled, slowly leaning into Maria, who had already pressed her head into her chest to give her a tight hug. The two would remain in that pose for a few more seconds, before Maria broke the hug and stared her partner deeply into her eyes. **"You scared the death out of me."** She pouted, her hands moving towards Raléi's hips as she averted her eyes away from her face, not seeing the shimmer in them under the dim lights in the tunnels. Raléi moved hand to Maria's shoulder, gently rubbing it to ease her up. *"I'm sorry I did, it was an unannounced stroll, after all."* She smiled, leaning forward to give Maria a quick kiss on the top of her head. *"Let's focus on the matter at hand, now. When would the Dáritke patrol pass by?"* \
Maria chuckled, a smile appearing on her face as she looked back up into Raléi's eyes, her own now having returned to their deep, shimmering green. Taking a deep breath, she began to explain, letting go of Raléi's waist to take off her backpack and retrieve her notebook. **"Routinely.. there's a group of three mercenaries walking through the Kassam-Szebta tunnel."** She began to explain, taking a pencil to draw an outline of the underground tunnels the way she had remembered them. With about a year of experience supervising the Álef Metro under her belt, she was fully upt-to-date of all the ins and outs of the enormous tunnel system, as well as all sorts of people that pass through them. Be it legal, or illegal, she knew when and where they routinely pass. **"Dáritke never changes their schedule. They pass by Szebta-12, an emergency exit near the S15 metro tunnel, at 7:20."** She continued, looking at her watch to check the time and plan everything out in her head. **"..It's 6:58, Szebta-12 is about eight minutes away. Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"** She grinned, gazing Raléi directly into the eyes upon closing her notebook. \
*"You read me like a book, Maria. Let's go."*

Having packed everything they needed to carry, the two set on for a short stroll towards the backalleys of the S15 metro tunnels. It was a narrow pathway, and it was never intended to be used at all, except for emergencies. But to both Maria and Raléi, this would be the start of an emergency of their own. Passing through the narrow tunnel, the two reached the Szebta-12 exit, and giving themselves a little moment of rest, the minutes began to tick by. They weren't able to open the door prematurely to check whether the mercenary patrol was already approaching them or not. Doing so would reveal their position, and only add more fuel to the fire that was gripping around The Agency now that Maria and Raléi poked the bear by breaching the stronghold in Álef. Time was already beginning to tick down, and pressing her finger against her lips, Maria gestured to her partner to remain quiet for the time being. Taking their weapons from their holsters, they loaded them and awaited for the important moment. The third metro of the day would pass by at 7:18, after which a downtime of 10 minutes would take place until the next metro would pass. Surveillance cameras loomed in the far end of the tunnel, and Maria remembered that as soon as the metro passed, it would take exactly one minute before the mercenary patrol would pass through the tunnel, and 83 seconds in total before they'd pass Szebta-12, their ambush position. \
The clock struck 7:17, and the distant rumble from the parallel tunnel told Maria and Raléi enough. The S15 to Nódori was approaching. In a matter of seconds, the pressure changed as the metro darted past their emergency door, the wind rushing past as the ground vibrated beneath their feet. Within a matter of seconds, the metro made their way past Szebta-12, and the next countdown started. Maria ticked on her watch. 81 seconds were left. \
The seconds began to tick away, and Raléi made her effort to unlock the door and prepare it for a sudden swing open. 40 seconds were left. Maria unloaded her pistol's magazine. 12 shots, one loaded. Locking eyes with Raléi, her eyes began to glow a lighter shade of green. Adrenaline was beginning to go through her veins, and she could see the neurotech in Raléi's arm begin to light up as well, creating an ambient blue glow in the otherwise dark alley they found themselves in. 15 seconds were left, footsteps could be heard approaching from the distance. It was now, or never. Maria's watch vibrated quietly. The time was now.

*"-of switching jobs, Nic? It's just-..!"* \
The conversation couldn't be finished. The vibrant green emergency door swung open, revealing the two young women with pistols drawn to the mercenaries caught off guard. Without a second thought, Maria fired twice, hitting the throat and chest of the two mercenaries in the back, while Raléi shot thrice, the bullets piercing not just through the cold air in the tunnel, but also through the patrol's head. The mercenaries had no time to react, and in under ten seconds, they were successfully ambushed, and shut down. Raléi scouted the three men, eyeing any sort of transmitters or receivers, but upon hearing the groan of the third patroller, she immediately drew her pistol and fired once more into his chest, neutralizing the last member of the unit. Her neurotech was glowing in a vibrant, shimmering blue hue, illuminating the poorly lit section of the tunnel as she turned around to look at Maria, who had her brows furrowed, meeting her gaze. **"You know I hate this version of you."** She scoffed, visibly disturbed by the cold-bloodedness actions of her partner. In response, Raléi sighed deeply, holstering her pistol as her neurotech's glow began to dim once more. *"I know you do, Maria, but it's a necessary evil."* She began, approaching her to slowly begin to ease her up again. *"Once we exit the tunnels and escape, I'll leave this version of myself in the past, promised."* She smiled, rubbing Maria's shoulder once more before she turned around to peek through the items that the patrol unit had been carrying with them. Their bags consisted mostly of irrelevant items to Maria and Raléi, but a handful of first-aid medications and a little bit of food proved to be essential to them. Even with the risks taken, the reward now made itself clear, and stuffing their backpacks full, Raléi checked the pulse of the three mercenaries. **"All gone.."** She sighed, taking her finger off the neck of the third member of the patrol unit. Carefully, she picked the leading member up, dragging him towards the emergency exit by dragging him from his shoulders, and placed him in the narrow alley. Maria was quick to follow with the remaining two mercenaries, understanding what Raléi was meaning to do. In just a matter of moments, the two had successfully ambushed, killed, looted, and hidden three of Dáritke's patrol members. **"Let's head back.."** Maria whispered, a slight hint of disgust and terror in her voice as the realisation of their actions began to dawn on her in her head. **"The next metro is here in a minute. We can't risk being spotted."** \
Raléi nodded in response, and taking one quick glance into the eastern and western ends of the tunnel, all she could see remain were puddles of blood. The two made sure to not create a line of blood towards the emergency exit, since Maria knew that it would easily be tracked and spotted on the surveillance cameras, but she was fully aware that this wouldn't go unseen. She closed the door behind her, reapplying the lock and looking to her left, she drew a cross on her chest upon looking at the mercenaries they had just killed. **"A necessary evil.."** She sighed, taking Raléi's hand to follow her back towards Kassam. 
### Targeted
*"We're already losing track of food, Maria."* Raléi sighed, having seated herself against the wall in the empty metro hall. The lights here were much brighter, illuminating the platforms properly for both of the young women to see. But the station was completely desolate. It was 4 in the morning. **"Is it worth it, Raléi?"** Maria mumbled to herself, having laid herself on her back against the freezing cold tiles on the platform. She was gazing at the flickering light above her, keeping her awake at this time of the day. *"It's this, or death."* Raléi sighed in response, her head lowered to face the floor beneath her. Her blue denim jeans had worn down over the past few days. The spots of blood from the mercenaries she killed not even a day ago had stained, decorating the blue jeans and giving it a unique colouring and pattern. One that she wished were gone, never to have appeared in the first place. \
Maria rested her hands against the back of her head, sandwiching them between her hair and the floor. **"There's a Siftka patrol at 5."** She began, envisioning the map of the underground once more, remembering all sorts of patrols she'd seen around this time within the tunnels. Dáritke practically owned the tunnels, and used them for patrols for as long as she could remember. They'd move the same way, in groups of three, seven, or even eleven people, and never more or less. Zooming in on the tunnels that connected the main city of the Álef cluster with its inner city of Siftka, she remembered a similar series of emergency doors parallel to the metro tunnel that ran between the two cities. **"It's risky, it's usually ran by a 7-man unit. But they have a trolley with supplies.."** She continued, leaning upwards to face Raléi, who also seemed to be deeply lost in thought. *"Do we have a choice?"* She asked, her eyes still focused on the cracks in the tiles on the floor before her. Maria shook her head, sighing deeply as she looked at the tracks to her left. **"We don't."** 

A moment of silence filled the platform, the cold air painting the atmosphere that the two women found themselves in. Both of them were fully aware of the enormous risk that came with ambushing and intercepting another patrol squad. They had already used up plenty ammunition against the unit in Szebta, so using fewer bullets for what could be a tougher squad, almost seemed like a deathwish. Looking up to the ceiling of the small station, Raléi now saw the flickering light as well, being drawn to it. An idea formed in her mind. *"Can we control the lights?"* She asked, her eyes now veering towards her partner's exhausted face. Maria shook her head. **"The control centre is in the heart of Álef, it's overground near the Stripóle park."** She sighed. **"Besides, my entry card is blocked. It's out of the question, as much as I hate it."** Her eyes darted to face the wall to her right, recognising smears of dirt and discarded food that had stuck to the walls over time. The stations had been abandoned since the fall of United Máneá, and even though upkeep of every station was promised, the tasks were eventually pushed down the. First it was the remaining government of Máneá that would guarantee the upkeep, then it was the Zakh'háfon government, eventually it became Álef's task, and when it was placed on the streets, nobody picked up the scraps. The pile of soup to her right could be years old, for all she knew. It caused her to shiver in disgust. \
The sound of a pistol's chamber clicking back in place snapped Maria out of her thoughts, and looking at Raléi, she saw her inspecting her pistol. *"I have 7 shots, in the worst case I could get away with martial arts."* She sighed, her index finger resting firmly against the barrel as she observed every millimetre of the gun. *"I need a time and place, Maria. The time for action is now."* She said with a stern tone in her voice, but looking to her left, she could see Maria's tired expression get the better of her. With a warm smile on her face, Raléi stood up, wrapping the straps of her backpack around her shoulders as she made her way towards her partner. **"4:55, Siftka escape hatch 46."** Maria mumbled, her voice muffled with her hands burying her face within them. A gentle tap against her feet from Raléi made her reveal her exhausted face to her once more, as a worried smile appeared on her face. Raléi held her hand out to her, gesturing her to get up. *"We'll make it happen."* She smiled, pulling Maria up from the ground, leaving the two standing face to face. *"Lead the way."*

Making their way through the narrow hallways in the escape road once more, Maria carefully listened to the various footsteps in the hallway on the other side of the stone wall. The second she'd hear another pair of footsteps that weren't her or Raléi's, they would be too late. Her heart was beating furiously in her chest, the worries of the immense risk involved refused to exit her mind. Her mind began to enter overtime, the worries of the terrible worst-case scenarios that could unfold in the near future manifested before her very eyes. The dizziness began to overwhelm her, shapes were beginning to deform, and shift into different colours, different patterns. Before long, all her senses began to overwhelm her, and her steps became irregular. She envisioned the two boarding a metro to Ákros, to Némiskéi, and staring at the sun through the windows as they made their way out, carrying Omáti and Nils along with them. She imagined the life that she and Raléi would have after they'd make their way out of Zakh'háfo, after they'd defeat Dáritke once and for all, clearing the troubled nation of its looming mafia threats. But the more she got lost in her hopes, the more she began to get lost in her dreams, and the visions were quick to become awry. Blood began to seep through the walls, the lights began to go dim, bullets flew into her vision, colliding with the walls, doors, and skin of everyone that appeared around her, sparking furiously upon contact and igniting the corners of her eyes with flames. The memory of Nils getting pierced by bullets reappeared, the vision of herself getting fatally shot, the vision of Raléi getting killed. She envisioned Mitch towering above her, and Gustavo above him. Tears dwelled up inside her eyes, courage sank to her feet, and regret filled up the empty space it had left behind. Blood now filled the corners of her vision, and her eyesight began to burn away from the centre outwards. She witnessed a nightmare unfold right before her eyes, and no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't avert her eyes, she couldn't help it. Her body was numb, frozen in place. Forced to witness the nightmares wreak havoc over her mind, as the underground began to shake gently. Gently..?

Maria snapped awake, and suddenly found herself on the rough pathway on the floor that she was walking on just a moment ago. Blinking rapidly, she could see the faint blue hue of Raléi's neurotech glow in the otherwise pitch-black alleyway, only resulting in more questions to arise in her head. Looking up, she could see Raléi's worried face look down on her, before it quickly turned into a relieved smile. *"You fainted just now.."* She whispered gently, running her glowing arm through Maria's hair to ease her up once more. Immediately burying her face in her hands, Maria did her best to suppress her emotions. Time was still passing rapidly, and she had no idea for how long she was out cold for. **"T-The time..?"** She whispered through her hands. *"4:32."* She smiled back, her hand now keeping Maria's head comfortably in place as she returned to her senses. She sighed deeply. **"I'm sorry.. let's forget about this."**

The rest of the stroll remained tiring to Maria, more than she had wished it to be. She spent the majority of the walk pressing into Raléi's side as a means of helping herself stay upright, but her mind was gradually beginning to doze off once more. A continuous poke into her side would be only way she'd remain awake, and upon arriving at the 46th hatch, the two sat back down for a moment. They had 12 more minutes left before the patrol unit would pass by this emergency exit. At this time of the day, no metro would pass through the adjacent tunnels. They'd need to keep themselves dead quiet this entire time to ensure that nobody would hear them on the other side of the wall. Maria sighed deeply, and her hands found their way to cover her face once more as she did all she could to suppress herself from passing out once again, to suppress her mind from showing her the nightmares yet again. Raléi loaded her pistol, and letting the chamber of her pistol quietly return to its usual place, she placed it back in her holster. *"9 more minutes."* She whispered to herself. Despite her sturdy appearance and her fierce personality, Raléi wasn't immune to the haunting thoughts about the near future herself either. But biting her lip, she refused to let them grip around her head the way it did to her partner, and moving her hand towards her, she rested it around her neck, wrapping around carefully and gently. Maria sighed deeply, the warmth from Raléi reassuring her that things would turn out for the better. **"If things go wrong.."** She quietly whispered, her voice trembling, clearly doing her best to keep her voice down, but also to keep tears at bay. **"If.. that happens.. we need to go to Nórem. They know we've stayed in Kassam, there's blood in Szebta, the stronghold in Czerébti.."** She continued, her voice beginning to shake more before she suddenly stared Raléi directly into the eyes. **"I'll find us the way to Nórem."** \
A wide smile appeared on her face, and her eyes glimmered in the dark. Raléi's neurotech began to glow in the dark, indicating that the time was about to run out. *"You won't need to."* Raléi replied, a wide smile appearing on her face too. *"We're winning this battle."*

Pressing her finger against her lips, she gestured the both of them to quiet down, as Maria loaded her pistol quietly as well. The time for action was now. Voices began to draw closer to the door they found themselves at, and footsteps began to get closer to their position as well. The quiet sound of poorly-maintained wheels of the trolley became apparent to Maria too. **"Seven targets, one trolley."** Maria gestured with her hands, and counting down from 5, she lowered her fingers one by one. The door was unlocked, and bringing the count to zero, the two barged out from the emergency door once more.

The formation of the patrol team was exactly as Maria expected. A "fighter" formation, as she called it, akin to the design of an old fighter jet, similar to a triangle. One patrol leader would be at the front of the trolley, leading the rest of the unit while tailed by three mercenaries on each wing, guarding their payload: The trolley with medication and materials. But opening fire, Raléi immediately knew that something was off about this patrol unit. She had fired three shots, successfully neutralising her three targets on the far end of the trolley, but lunging forward to the patrol leader, she realised just what kind of unit this was. Maria didn't need to be an expert on this matter either to realise the gravity of the situation either. They were all equipped with rifles, and those were now aimed at the both of them. Maria's eyes opened wide out of fear and out of rage, Raléi's arm was pulsing with a vibrant blue colour as her neurotech allowed her to gain extra strength. Emptying her pistol into the patrol leader, she was now on the floor, her wrist blade deep inside of his chest to confirm the kill. But three members remained, and fire was opened on the vulnerable woman. Blindly firing her pistol, Maria fired away at the remaining three members of the patrol unit, killing two, but only harming the last mercenary as her pistol's chamber clicked, her ammunition now depleted. Without too much more thought going through her head, she lunged forward, landing a blow directly onto the mercenary's face, knocking him out cold immediately. *"Maria!"* Raléi yelled, still having her blade dug deeply into the leader's chest. In a split second, she turned around, her heart dropping to the floor as she saw the state her partner was in. It was a gruesome sight, her arm's neurotech pulsing and flowing furiously to keep her body stable, but it wasn't enough to help her up. Her left leg was torn open, and her once blue jeans were now soaked in a crimson red yet again, a horrifying mixture or her own blood, and that of the mercenaries she had killed. Maria rushed over towards Raléi, immediately helping her up as she did her best to keep her tears at bay. Retrieving a roll of bandage from her backpack, she carefully wrapped it tightly around Raléi's wounded leg, hoping, no, begging that it would be enough to staunch the bleeding. Taking a deep breath, she picked her up and did her best to get Raléi to stand stable on at least one leg, and she escorted her towards the alleyway they had come from. **"Raléi.. stick.. stick with me.."** Maria muttered, her unstable breathing surprisingly matching the unstable breathing of her partner. As gently and carefully as she could, she helped Raléi seat down against the wall in the emergency hallway, exhaling deeply before wrapping bandage around her left arm. **"I'll check the trolley for medication, stick with me.."** Maria whispered, giving her a kiss on the forehead while tears finally found their way down her cheeks as she made her way towards the trolley.

Grabbing a rifle from the floor, she shot open the lock on the trolley, forcing her way inside. Peeking over the edge, Maria's hopes were short-lived upon the sight of the contents of the trolley. The majority was made up of documents and and office paperwork, and the amount of meds and food that were inside were nowhere near enough to support the two all the way towards the border. It was a handful of painkillers at best, a roll of bandage, and not much more than that would be of use to them. Sighing deeply, her emotions broke loose, and leaning over the edge of the trolley, she grabbed all the meds that were inside while soaking them in her tears. It was enough to fill two hands at most, and aside from grabbing a shirt, nothing more would be of use. The risk was ever increasing, and without much further thought, she made her way back to the emergency exit and closed the door behind her, locking the door as tightly as she could so nobody would be able to trace them down again. **"I'm.. here.."** Maria whispered, sitting beside her lover, now finally giving the time to tend to her own wounds on her bleeding arm and side from having caught two bullets. Raléi's eyes were closed, but pressing against her throat, Maria could still feel a feint pulse. She looked like she had fallen into a deep sleep. **"I'm so.. sorry.. Raléi.. we should've just gone to Nórem.. we should've just..-"** \
*"It's happened, darling."* Raléi interrupted her. Her breathing was rough, but she was still awake. *"It's happened."* She sighed. *"That's all there is to it."* Her voice was stern, and her arm was still pulsing vibrantly. Maria had no idea how much longer her neurotech could keep her up and running in the near future, but she was fully aware of the consequences it would have once the seemingly infinite flow of adrenaline and medication in her left arm would run out eventually. **"I'll apply.. a painkiller.."** Maria sniffed, fighting through her tears as she prepared one of five injections that she looted from the trolley. **"It wasn't a medical trolley.. we don't have lots.. but here goes."** She sighed, carefully poking the needle into Raléi's upper arm as she emptied the syringe into her muscle. *"You need to rest, love."* Raléi sighed. Maria nodded in response. **"There's a second patrol in 5 hours.. I'll walk us to Nórem before then."** 

## THIRTEEN - ONE LAST STAND
### Synopsis
Maria's strength begins to dwindle after being exposed to the continuous stress that comes with taking the lives of others, and her genius begins to fail her. Combined with Raléi's wounds beginning to wear her down, the two reach what feels like a dead end once more. The two make their way to the metro station of Álef-Nórem, which Maria remembered to have plenty of hallways and alleys to hide in and navigate through, but Dáritke finally found themselves one step ahead, and had armed the entire station with explosives, also eager to end the lives of the two women now that they were boxed in without an exit. Raléi's wounds have slowed her down too much, and before the two realised they had walked right into Dáritke's trap, the fuse had already been lit and the metro station initiated the self-destruction sequence. The crunching of steel beams collapsing from above echoes through the tunnels, and despite her best effort, Maria can't manage to save Raléi from the imminent debris, and is forced to watch her disappear behind the smoke, dust, and steel.
### At one's wits' end
Their height difference didn't matter all too much anymore at this stage, and stumbling through the halls of the quiet metro tunnels, their heads were level with Raléi resting against Maria's shoulder. Bandages were now making up the majority of her makeshift clothing, and no matter how much she tried, she was hitting her limits too. The ever-lively Maria, too, was beginning to get properly exhausted. They hadn't spent a single night together in their own bed ever since they returned to the tunnels, and it was finally beginning to get at them. **"Hold on just a little further.."** Maria mumbled to her struggling partner, almost feeling like she was dragging two bodies at once towards the end of the metro station they were headed to. Raléi groaned, barely able to keep up, stumbling along and trying to match Maria's footing, but struggling to do so. Her painkillers were already wearing off, and Maria knew that they couldn't last too much longer in the underground. One way or another, they had to return to the overground, facing all the risks that come with doing so. Dáritke still had a target on them, and with a deep sigh, Maria strengthened her footing and marched forward, carrying Raléi as comfortably as she could, knowing that it wouldn't be too much further.

**"Dead end.."** Maria sighed, reaching the end of the narrow tunnel and facing nothing more than a brick wall. **"I'll seat you down, easy now.."** She mumbled to Raléi, who was struggling to stay awake. **"Rest a moment, darling, I'll navigate a way to Nórem, I took a wrong turn."** She sighed, positioning Raléi into a comfortable position as she coughed loudly, her body shaking as she finally eased up after their long walk. Maria struggled to keep her tears at bay. They were completely drained of any sorts of medication, and they had lost the majority of kits that would be vital to tend to Raléi right now when they tried to ambush the mercenaries in Siftka. She hissed at herself at the thought of it, a tear finally finding its way past her eyes to roll down her cheek as she gazed at Raléi's terribly wounded self. **"If I'd not pushed it.."** she mumbled to herself, more tears rolling down her cheeks now that she was given a moment to rest herself too. **"If I'd not pushed it..!"** She grit her teeth, trying to keep her voice quiet to grant Raléi the most of her rest that she deserved. Her thoughts were beginning to haunt her nonetheless, and averting her eyes from Raléi, she buried her face in her hands, trying to keep herself from sniffing more loudly than she already was. Had they not ambushed those mercenaries, none of this would've happened. They would've found their way out of Álef, Nils would've recovered fine in Ákros while she and Raléi would flee to Jóthul. But catching herself in her trail of thoughts, she looked back at her wounded partner, who had wrapped her arms around her stomach and had dozed off to rest for just a moment. **"If I'd not pushed it.. you wouldn't be.. wounded like this.. dying, Raléi, I'm sorry."** 

Swallowing away the rest of her tears, she wiped her eyes dry, looking around to face the deeper end of the narrow tunnel once more. Nórem would be towards the left, she remembered. She'd missed an exit, which had led them to the dead end in which they found themselves in right now. It was once intended to be an extension into the next direction that Álef was set to grow in, but the discovery of protected fauna put a halt to the project, and instead forced Álef to expand towards the west and north. Sighing deeply, she walked back sluggishly towards Raléi, sitting back down beside her and resting her hand on her arm. For now, they'd take a moment of rest. The walk towards Czerébti was already exhausting enough for herself, and she could only imagine just how much pain Raléi must have gone through just to reach here. She couldn't get herself to drag her in her current shape to Nórem, and before long, she could feel her own eyes start to get heavy too. The cold air that loomed in the tunnels was oddly soothing, something that she didn't expect to get used to, especially considering she never expected to spend half a week sleeping in the tunnels in the first place. She eyed the ceiling and hallway that they were sitting in for camera's, but finding none, she gestured Raléi to rest against her shoulder. Her weight against her side was reassuring. Even if they were in a horrible shape, and were actively targeted with a bounty on their heads, they weren't watched in this very moment. Exhaling deeply, Maria stared at the ceiling above her. Even if they were wounded together, they were still fighting through this together. Raising her hand, she felt a shiver go through her body as she attempted something she hadn't done in years. She stretched out her hand, and opening hand towards the ceiling, she hoped to see the particles that she once saw floating in Kósfrii many years ago once more. And to her surprise, two particles appeared, with a feint, dim glow, circling around her index finger. A warm, yet troubled smile appeared on her face, and slowly closing her eyes, she lowered her hand once more and joined Raléi in a short slumber.
### We'll make it out
The distant rumble of a metro passing by in an adjacent tunnel woke Maria up from her peaceful sleep. Blinking a few times to reawaken her eyes, she remembered where she had guided Raléi and herself towards. With a deep sigh, she rubbed her eyes, followed by rubbing her entire face awake. Raléi was still pressing against her side, and one quick glance at her revealed that she was still fast asleep. A troubled smile appeared on Maria's face, and staring at her partner's deep blue hair shimmer in the dim tunnel lighting for just a moment, she carefully stood up to stretch. \
She took a deep breath, and held it in for a few seconds before exhaling deeply, letting go of every worry that had stirred up in her head. Raléi was obviously still wounded, but it was risky for them to stay here for much longer too. She fully knew that she couldn't have travelled underground without leaving a single trace, and it wouldn't take much longer for Dáritke to find their current hiding place either. Pressing her hand against her forehead, she stared at Raléi for another moment, checking the time on her watch on her other wrist. **"7:30.."** She sighed. She didn't want to wake Raléi up, but it was already much later than she had hoped. If Dáritke really wanted to trace and track the two down, they would already be on their way to do so. 

Kneeling down next to Raléi, she gently shook her awake, already having searched through her own backpack to take out a shot of painkillers in advance, expecting her to still be in pain. With a soft and quiet groan, she woke up after a few seconds, swaying towards the left, before Maria caught her before she'd topple over. **"I'm here, darling.. take your time to wake up.."** Maria whispered. More gentle rumbling went through the tunnels as the next metro made its way past, and preparing the painkiller injection in advance, Raléi slowly woke up, groaning in pain as she opened her eyes to look at her left arm. The bleeding had continued overnight, and the bandage that was around her upper arm was soaked in a deep red. Not taking any time to doubt, Maria undressed herself to take off her undershirt, and immediately wrapped it tightly around Raléi's arm to staunch the bleeding. Gesturing to her to keep her voice down and not exert herself too much, she held the syringe with painkillers before her eyes, to which Raléi promptly nodded. **"I'll take your right arm, we're late, but I won't rush you.."** Maria sighed, injecting and emptying the syringe into Raléi's upper right arm before disposing of it in her bag. They had almost run out of any sort of medication, and they weren't in the proper shape to acquire new medications either. All they needed to do was make their way to Nórem now, and all that was left for them to do was to pray that luck would be in their favour. \
*"Nórem, wasn't it..?"* Raléi mumbled, looking up to Maria, who had stood back up again after finishing her backpack inspection. **"Nórem, yeah, I think I know how to get there."** She said back, her confidence having plummeted ever since she had brought them here in the first place. For the first time in ages, she had taken a wrong turn, and it felt like the map of the underground tunnels in her head was finally beginning to fade, leaving her taking the wrong turn. Taking a deep breath, Raléi lifted her right hand into the air, before getting picked and pulled up on her feet by Maria. Exhaling deeply, a troubled but warm smile appeared on her face. *"Then let's get going."*
### One last stand
Towards the left, and then forwards until finding an emergency exit sign. Then they'd have to walk past two of those signs, and then take the third. It would guide them into another, more public tunnel, and a stairwell would bring them towards the metro station of Álef-Nórem, their destination. Maria had walked the route several times during her internship, and had even made her way to the hideout they had come from just now once or twice before. An ambitious project halted by nature, that was all she knew, and in this moment, she couldn't care too much more for either. Raléi's wounds had slowly begun healing overnight, but she was still nowhere near her proper shape. Every now and then, she'd rest on Maria's shoulder, before she'd finish resting and walk by herself again. Their hands were held together, their fingers intertwined. Wherever it was that destiny was set to bring them, they would face it together. Taking the third emergency exit, Maria peeked and cleared the stairwell with her pistol drawn. Despite it being low on ammo, she couldn't take any risks at all, but deeming it clear, she gestured Raléi to come climb the stairwell too. She wrapped her arm around Maria's neck, and taking their time together, they climbed towards the surface once more. 

*"Out of painkillers, right?"* Raléi whispered halfway through the stairwell. They still had two more floors to climb together, but Raléi's weight was beginning to pull on Maria's strength. She nodded in response, a worried expression appearing on her face as she whispered back. **"I gave you the last one this morning. Are you holding up?"** Raléi shook her head, and letting go of Maria, she sat down against the wall. *"Barely. I need a breather."* \
And so they did. Maria promptly sat down beside Raléi as she exhaled deeply. It would be two more floors, and then they'd reach the main floor of the Álef Metro, the main floor that was primarily underground. It would connect to the various districts and sister cities of Álef, but their own destination would be on the ground level. **"Line S72, exit Centrale, S1 to Ákros.."** Maria mumbled to herself, staring in front of her as she visualised the metro map onto the wall before her. But the map shook slightly as Raléi pressed against her shoulder once more, leaving Maria's eyes immediately darting towards her face, but instead being met with a reassuring sight. She had fallen asleep once more. With a warm smile on her face, Maria wrapped her arm around her, holding her close to herself and warming her up for just a little bit more. She inhaled and exhaled deeply, giving herself another moment to rest as well. Staring at the ceiling, she focused her hearing on her surroundings. The rumbling of the metro trains rushing past had become louder, and she could even pick out the different trainsets that were used now that the engines sounds became more clear to her. Every now and then, she could hear a series of footsteps exit and enter the different metros. Her smile on her face widened, the traffic in the metro meant that they could blend in with the crowd and make their way towards Ákros without being seen by any mercenaries from Dáritke again. It would be an incredible risk for them to take, especially with how wounded and roughed up the two looked, but with Raléi recovering under her arm, she knew that it would be their last stand together. It was either this, or death. 

Raléi shook herself awake, and Maria realised that she had dozed off herself too. Letting go of Raléi, she looked at her watch once more. **"8.30."** She whispered to herself, helping Raléi stand up once more as the two stretched themselves awake again. They had dozed off for just a few minutes, but even so, Raléi already looked to be in a much better shape. Taking off Maria's inner shirt from her left arm, she saw that the bleeding that had persisted overnight had finally stopped, and placing it in her bag, she took Maria's hand and held it tightly, a newfound spark of confidence having appeared in her shimmering blue eyes. *"Ready?"* She whispered to Maria, whose expression changed from one with surprise and exhaustion, to one with confidence. **"Ready."** 

Almost immediately, the two made their way up towards the next levels, and it didn't take too much longer before they had reached the lower metro level. But arriving at the metro in the direction of Nódori, Maria already felt ticked off upon the sight of the platforms. **"It's.. awfully quiet.."** She whispered, freezing in place as she frantically looked around the station hall for any clues. Raléi tugged against her arm, trying to get her to move forward and not stay in place for all too long. *"Rush hour's over, everyone went to work, it's nothing t-"* \
**"Rush hour is still on, and yet the station is dead.."** Maria interrupted her partner, a hint of fear in her voice as it trembled slightly. **"Something is wrong. Something is wrong!"** She continued, her eyes opening wide, darting around as she stumbled together with Raléi to reach the staircase towards the upper level. The metros that normally passed had slowed down, which indicated that someone else was in control of the entire metro system. More doubts stirred up in Maria's head as she eyed the various security cameras. Not even half a year ago, she was the one eyeing the tens of thousands of daily commuters through them, but in this very moment, she was certain that she was the one being watched continuously by a higher power. Despite being in such a familiar environment, she felt alienated, and her partner being wounded only stirred up more worries in her mind. *"S72 to Centrale?"* Raléi asked, her tone having changed too. She had changed into a much more serious version of herself, realising too that they were both at a high risk situation. The entire station was completely devoid of any passengers, and even if Nórem wasn't a busy station to begin with, it wouldn't make any sense for it to be completely vacant at a time like this. Maria nodded in response, and the two dragged each other to the corresponding platform. **"We're being watched, Raléi."** Maria hissed as the two arrived at the platform. Their hands were still intertwined, but Maria's left hand was now on her holstered pistol. Her brows were furrowed as she eyed every single surveillance camera that hung from the ceilings, and locking eyes with Raléi, she moved her hand to her own holstered weapon. Within the blink of an eye, they drew their weapons and shot the nearest security cameras, removing the direct sight of their whereabouts from whoever it was that was observing them. It would take two more minutes before the metro that would bring them towards the central station would arrive, but the uneasy feeling in Maria's gut remained. She tried to keep her breathing under control, holding Raléi's hand even tighter, the seconds ticking by ever so slowly.

Maria's eyes suddenly opened wide. In the far end of the tunnel to her left, she could pick up a track switch changing directions. Immediately looking to her left, the distant rumble of an approaching metro became more and more apparently. She eyed the tunnel in the distance, but more and more rumbling began to fill the station halls. Something terrible was up. \
*"It's not just you."* Raléi whispered, holding Maria's hand tightly as she held her close. *"Something is up. This station isn't automated anymore."* She looked around the various cameras that they shot as well, but looking upwards, she could feel her heart sink to the floor. *"Maria. Explosives."* 

A loud bang immediately fills the halls of the station, echoing through the tunnels and covering the platforms in a layer of dust. Whichever bomb it was, it was manually detonated with the intention of demolishing the metro station from the top to the bottom, fully aware that the two women were still inside and waiting for their metro. **"We need to leave!"** Maria shouted, her ears ringing as another bang came from the tunnel on their right, followed by the piercing sound of the rails deforming and snapping apart from the explosions. She held Raléi's hand as tightly as she possibly could, but she was struggling to keep up now that she was beginning to exhaust her body once more. Her wounds had yet to recover, and after already having exerted them too much making their way to enter Nórem to begin with, it was an enormous ask to exert them one more time to exit Nórem now that they were about to be the filling of a concrete sandwich. The ringing of the tracks continued, another explosive detonating on the roof as the steel support beams that had held up the roof finally gave way, folding and filling the halls with an ear-deafeningly loud piercing noise as they collapsed to the ground. The track that Maria and Raléi needed to board their metro on was now covered in debris. In any case, they would no longer be able to reach the central station by metro, and yet, one was approaching. The quiet whirrs of the electric motors were heading towards them rapidly, and it didn't take many more seconds before the beams of the metro lit up the left tunnel, illuminating it before emerging from it. It was approaching rapidly, and Maria immediately pushed herself and Raléi towards the wall. Someone was controlling the metros, whoever it was, they had assumed total control of the Álef Metro. Whoever it was, they had planned this out, they had traced their tracks, and were now performing the show right before their very eyes. 

Without any indication of stopping, the old trainset barged and crashed into the debris from the roof, derailing almost instantly as the remainder of the cars rubbed and pushed against the platform, causing sparks and dust to fill the hall as more explosives boomed through the underground. It suddenly made sense to Maria. From top to bottom, the station was being detonated. But there was another metro line beneath them, which could only mean..-!

The floor beneath them crumbled, and before the two had even come to realise what was going on, Raléi had already lost her footing on the floor. Her wounds had caught up to her, the rumbling of the explosives denying her the opportunity to regain her balance, as the reflective tiles under the soles of her shoes cracked, and caved in. Maria's eyes opened wide, and before she properly understood the scope of the situation, she already knew she was too late. **"Raléi!!"** She yelled, reaching her hand out into the emerging hole, adrenaline surging through her veins as she watched the floor beneath her partner give way. It all seemed to happen in slow-motion. Tears had already found their way onto her cheeks as she gritted her teeth, reaching her hand out as far as she possibly could, but it simply wasn't meant to be. Their eyes locked, and she could see a wide smile on her face as she followed her gaze, falling towards the abyss. The noise was deafening, and despite seeing her lips move, Maria couldn't figure out what it was she was saying to her. The platform gave way, the debris from the roof was quick to follow, and the cherry on the cake was the deformed trainset completing her grave-to-be. The rumbling stopped, the crunching of the steel echoed into the far distance, and the crunching of stone reached an end. The halls of the metro were now eerily quiet once more, the only noise that echoed being the sobbing of Maria, who had fallen to her knees beside the newly formed crater. \
In just the blink of an eye, their last stand was blown away effortlessly. 

In just the blink of an eye, she had disappeared. 

In just the blink of an eye, her life had faded.

In just the blink of an eye, she was gone. Forever.

## FOURTEEN - Álef At Dawn
### Synopsis
The Agency doesn't last another day after the gruesome incident in Álef. Raléi's seat is left vacant, with no successor that was willing to take her place. Anyone who did, would immediately receive a target on their heads. Maria remains in Álef-Nórem for the remainder of the day, watching the sunrise with the collapsed metro station behind her, where her colleague, her close friend, her partner, had lost her life not even a day ago. The hope the two shared to restore Máneá and Zakh'háfo to peaceful nations was dwindling, and the dream seemed impossible to reach. 
### A mind full, a heart empty
The sun was beginning to rise in the far distance, its orange glow bidding farewell to the blackness of the night sky. Through her eyes, she could see that the dust had already settled a long while ago, and uneasily swinging her legs while sitting on the edge of the rooftops, she gazed at the moon, and at the stars whose light was being hidden by the light of Choreos. She sighed deeply, the trail of smoke from her cigarette slowly peeling away the roll of paper wrapped around the tobacco that she held between her fingertips. She felt deflated, she felt hopeless, and averted her eyes from the stars, where she knew Raléi was hiding herself between. One star continued to sparkle, even with the glow of the rising sun causing the others to disappear from the sky, eagerly waiting for the sun to set before they could shine brightly in the night sky once more. Tears dwelled up in her eyes, and taking one more puff from her cigarette, she dropped it to the floor, watching the feint orange tip fall to the floor, bouncing off the concrete tiles that were coated with dust and debris. 

The Agency was done for, that much she knew. With Raléi gone, she herself wouldn't be able to take her seat left vacant with a million dollar target on her head. If she would place herself in Raléi's shoes, it would only be a matter of days before Dáritke would pierce a bullet through her head. Omáti wouldn't be able to fill the shoes either, his health deteriorated too much, and even though Raléi considered Nils to be a prodigy, she felt that he would be far too inexperienced to take control of such an important agency. \
Hiding her face in her hands, she wiped away the tears that had built up in her eyes, and sighed deeply. Her gaze returned to the floor beneath her, the lack of traffic not surprising her after the Metro station had collapsed. Nobody would dare set foot in Nórem for another few days, until someone brave enough would pick up the scraps. 

The young woman stood up and turned around, facing the collapsed remains of the roof once more. With a heavy heart, she walked towards the wreckage, the memories replaying in her head once more. The noise was deafening, the crunching of concrete, the screeching of the rails, all echoed through her head over and over again. But she didn't bother. The worst had already happened, the damage had already been dealt, and with tears streaming down her cheeks, she carefully made her way down towards the fateful accident site, sliding down the collapsed sheets of concrete, crawling down the steel beams, before coming face to face with the wreckage of the metro train in the station hall. A gaping hole was visible, the bottom being filled exclusively with remains of the walls, the floors, and the roof. 

She clutched her heart, fighting through the physical and emotional pain, and refusing to show weakness to anyone watching her. Dáritke would keep a bounty on her head in the near future, and as long as she stayed in Zakh'háfo, it wouldn't disappear. But frozen in place, gazing at the pit, gazing at the debris, gazing into what felt like the abyss, she smiled as she witnessed the accident before her once more, Raléi's last words now sounding as clear as day to her. 

*"Maria!"* She had yelled, reaching her hand out to her while the floor beneath her collapsed.

*"Live!"*

## Addendum
The story continues in [[ACT III - THE ROAD HOME]]. \
With nothing left to fight for anymore, Maria walks back towards the Central station by herself to return to Kristánisin for one last time. She'd bring the essentials for Omáti and Nils, who were still in the Ákros hospital, but for herself, she'd bring memorabilia from Raléi. Fully aware that the Agency's residence wouldn't last for much longer, she locks the door behind her and closes this chapter of her life, as much as it hurts.

In Ákros, she informs the ever-deteriorating Omáti and the gradually recovering Nils about what had happened in Álef, and what this means for the Agency, and for them. She explains to them that she's a prime target to Dáritke, and that this would probably be the last ever time that she'd see the old man and the young prodigy in her life. With a heavy heart, she waves goodbye, and departs to her home village in Jóthul once more. Escaping from Dáritke, and escaping from the past. 