# TRAVEL RISK - Story
After the **June 2024** project reorganisation, the **TRAVEL RISK** story has been repurposed into becoming **ACT I** of the bigger story as a whole. This document will now serve as the story from **Nils**'s perspective, from the Prologue until Chapter Seven.
## Synopsis
After the nation of **United Máneá** collapsed in **2039**, it never managed to find the charm nor strength to rebuild itself to what it once was. Eternal conflict sparked before the fateful day in **2039**, and ever since, the conflict remained in the two remaining nations. With a lack of government control, drug dealing became the norm, and a middleman was an easy job to pick up. Without an involvement in drugs directly, one could still have an income to survive the next day. **Nils Lorieux** embarks on this dangerous journey, but after being caught on his very first mission, things don't turn out to be as easy as bringing a briefcase from point A to point B.

## PROLOGUE
### Rules remain rules
In the dark corners of Álef, hidden and tucked away in the alleyways in the central area, a group of people in black attire looked up as their silence was broken by footsteps. Approaching them was another black-dressed person, wearing a grey beanie as a cover for the rain. In his hand was a suitcase, seemingly full of money or full of goods. With his heart pumping loudly in his throat, he checks the time on his watch. **22.54**. He was 4 minutes late. One of the figures awaiting him at the end of the alleyway took notice of this, already drawing his pistol, and firing a shot that grazed his ear. Standing dead still in his tracks, Niko breathed deeply and heavily, fear rushing through his veins. **"Let this be your last warning, Niko, the next one is between your eyes."** The man who fired a warning shot says with a booming voice, yet quiet enough to not alert anyone else eavesdropping behind the alley. Noting down the time of arrival on his notepad, he opens his hand, waiting for the suitcase to be handed over, which Niko promptly does. *"Apologies, Kasper.. for the delay.."* he mutters, out of breath and full of fear, *"Traffic.. bit my ass.."* \
Shaking his head, the figure before him passes the suitcase onto the other two men in the alley, signalling them to check the contents and whether they align with the order or not, as he sets his focus back to Niko, clearly pissed off. **"Same shit as last time, Niko. One minute early is acceptable. One minute late is not."** 

With a quiet gesture, the two figures checking the suitcase get the attention of Kasper, who immediately breaks eye contact with Niko and checks in on what they have to say. With a head full of fear and nerves on edge, he closes his eyes, as Kasper immediately draws his gun, aiming at Niko's head, his eyes full of both disappointment and rage. **"You're going to tell me what happened to two bags of Lucky Water, Niko, or this barrel will be the last fucking thing you're seeing in your life."** He scoffs, making sure to watch his volume. Without hesitation, Niko drops one bag on the floor, his left hand remaining tightly in his pocket, clutching onto something. Breathing deeply, barely keeping to his senses, he feels a bullet penetrate his right shoulder, smoke coming out of the silenced barrel of the pistol that Kasper was holding. **"One last fucking chance, Niko, the next one is between your eyes. Rules remain rules, you know this."**

Taking another deep breath, Niko takes his hand out of his left pocket, revealing a used bag of Lucky Water, as well as an MPC5, which he immediately fired. Hitting Kasper's left leg and striking one of the two figures in the back of the alley, he sprints away, running for his life, or whatever would be left of that now. **"Fucking.. bastard..!"** Kasper grunts in pain, his hand clutching his thigh where the bullet hit him, while he feels his vision get foggy, struggling to keep his pistol raised and aimed. Firing uncontrollably, he grazes Niko's right arm and chest, injuring him further, before ultimately shooting him in the back, as he collapses, gasping for air. *"Kasper, we need to leave from here."* One of the figures quietly whispers to Kasper, while the other figure makes his way to the collapsed body of Niko. **"Yeah yeah, man, I know..! Get me a shot of NE-5 and contact Mitch."** He scoffed back in an annoyed tone, his hand clutching his leg as the blood continued to seep out of the freshly made bullet wound.

Sirens begin to echo through the walls of the city while the three mysterious men made their way out. Niko was left abandoned, having sent a distress signal before being shot, but ultimately, it was too late to rescue him. With a grunt of pain, Kasper takes the bullet out of his leg, dropping it on the table in the van as another person treats the wound. With the suitcase to his right, he sighs deeply, the painkiller syringe shot kicking in and numbing his senses, numbing the pain. **"Every.. fucking day..!"** He grunts loudly, tightly gripping the suitcase's handle in anger. 

Driving off into the horizon, they make their way to Deth-Kelétam, ready to face Mitch to report another troublesome handover.

## ONE - TRAVEL RISK
### Synopsis
When all of your life savings have been expended towards your parents, that leaves yourself scraping at the bottom of the barrel just to get around. And for many people, that means the only way forward is to embark on a dangerous mission. For Nils Lorieux, it means following his longtime friend and partner in netrunning Antoine Rousseau in joining the **Dáritke** Agency, a middleman company delivering goods from point A to point B. The pay would be excellent, and the risk would be low. It almost seemed too good to be true, but with no other place to go, Nils bites the bullet and heads down below.
### To the bottom
*"Antoine, you've got to be kidding me."*

With a quiet rustle through the wind, the subtle footsteps of two young men echo through the alleys of Deth-Kelétam. The city reeked with bad smells, flooded sewage systems that have been neglected since the fall of United Máneá, which had put not only the city in despair, but the rest of the remaining nation as well. **"Sorry, I kept you waiting long enough, Nils"** Antoine said quietly to him, turning his head around to face him while his hand rested on a doorknob that led to an otherwise suspiciously unmarked building. **"We're here, keep quiet."** 

The door closes behind the two, and Nils takes a deep breath of fresh air now that he was finally sealed off the terrible air that lingered outside. **"Follow me, it's downstairs"** Antoine whispered, revealing a poorly lit stone staircase that lead down to what felt like the bottom of the planet. *"Are you sure we're at the right place? This seems abandoned."* Nils whispered back, doubts beginning to form in his mind about whether this was really the right choice for them to make. Quietly, Antoine began to make his way down the stairwell, the lights getting more dim the further he went down as Nils hesitantly followed after him, his heart beating loudly in his chest. It felt like an eternity, but the two finally reached the bottom of the stairwell, and after putting his finger against his lips, Antoine looked back at Nils before reopening yet another door. 

This door led them into a slightly more lively room, or so Nils wanted to believe. The lighting inside was fairly dim, but he could at the very least see much better what was inside the room. A large desk, and a pair of seats in front of it. There were plenty of small trees and plants that decorated the desk and walls, giving it an eerie, natural-yet-unnatural feeling, sending a shiver down Nils's spine. The door closed behind the two young men, and like clockwork, the enormous office chair on the opposite end of the desk spun around, revealing an older man wearing sunglasses. Another chill went through Nils's body, the atmosphere in the room beginning to properly creep him out. With a wide smile on his face, he opened his arms wide, directing the two men to sit down on the chairs adjacent to his own. **"Take a seat."** He grinned, and even though his eyes were hidden behind his sunglasses, Nils could feel his gaze burn into his own eyes. **"Let's talk business."**
### To the point
**"I take it your friend has given you a rundown of what to expect?"** The man asked Nils with a burning stare into his eyes, holding his hands together by pressing his fingertips against each other. Antoine nodded, and followed the gaze of the man to stare at Nils too, who felt like sweat was dripping down his head now that two pairs of eyes were looking at him. *"I believe so."* Nils began, struggling to formulate a proper reply. *"A netrunning job, wasn't it? Point A.. to point B."* \
The man grinned, adding an icy chill to the already frozen cold atmosphere inside the room. **"You've got the basics right."** He smiled, before moving his hands away from each other, and offering his right hand to Nils, hoping to receive a handshake to establish an agreement so soon after meeting. **"I am Mitch O'Well. You won't see my face often, but you will hear the name "Dáritke" more often from now on. That will be who you will be working for."** He began. Shaking his hand, Nils felt the slightest hint of sincerity, and almost immediately afterwards he could feel the room begin to warm up. Even if the sheer iciness had gone away, it still felt incredibly cold within the room, but the handshake and agreement gave him the slightest amount of comfort and safety. 

**"I hope your friend, Antoine, is also aware of the regions the two of you will travel through, however."** Mitch continued, having let go of Nils's hand. The icy chill immediately returned, sending another shiver down his spine. *"Antoine didn't mention anything about regions!"* His mind yelled at him, stirring up to the confusion as doubts were now beginning to build up on top of the eerie atmosphere. But keeping himself composed and calm, he eagerly listened to what Mitch had to say, doing his best to not come across as afraid. He already knew that the work he was going to do would be risky, and would be the only means of income to keep his shelter, but the pay was high. Even with such a risky job, he could save up once more, and even pay his parents a visit in France. Even with such risks, so would come rewards. \
**"I believe you've already noticed the smell that looms in this city."** Mitch continued, leaning back in his chair, confident that the two eager young men wouldn't run away from him now. **"You two have found yourselves in an area marked as a "Travel Risk". It's why you don't see any foreigners here, and it's been this way for the past decades. That smell is the remains of a series of drugs that were disposed of incorrectly. I take it you've already had your hands on some of them?"** \
Antoine nodded, admitting that he had taken a peek at a trade he had completed a few weeks ago. Back then he wasn't working for Dáritke just yet, but he did complete the trade in Deth-Kelétam, the same city they found themselves in now. Nils felt his heart beating in his throat, realising that he could've very well been doing drug dealing all this time, without being fully aware of it. All the packages he'd carried over, how many of them had ended up in the slums and streets? \
Mitch's grin remained in place, and Nils could feel his eyes looking back and forth at their faces, his gaze as sharp as the very first second the two had met. In a swift motion, he revealed two papers from underneath the desk, with a pen clipped onto the paper at the very top. **"If I haven't been clear, please let me know. But this paper should explain enough."** He smirked, placing his fingertips together once more as he watched the two young men read carefully through what appeared to be contracts. In just a matter of moments, Nils's focus was broken by the sound of a pen's writing on paper, and glancing to his right, he could see that Antoine had signed the contract. His own nerves were now beginning to eat his senses at the back of his mind, and worries began to build up. *"Was it really the right decision?"* He asked himself, and reading through the contract from top to bottom once more, one line stood out. **"The recipient of this contract can not break ties with the employer (Dáritke) under any circumstances."** Nils gulped, and taking a deep breath, he envisioned himself in France, meeting his parents again after what would have been many years by then. It was an enormous risk he would take, but one that came with an enormous reward. 

Exhaling deeply, Nils unclipped the pen from the paper, and let the ink of the pen flow to write his signature at the bottom of the page. The contract was signed. 
 
## TWO - Into the Unknown 
### Synopsis
Nils Lorieux enters his first mission within the company that Antoine had recommended him. He is set to deliver a bag that is packed to the brim with Lucky Water, amongst other various yet-unspecified drugs. However, he wasn't told about the contents of the bag, and believes he's carrying various forms of equipment for a company called **"Vátnelári"**. Before delivery, he is caught on the way there by two mysterious men dressed in black and is instead brought to **"The Agency"**.
### Into the unknown
**"I know it's tempting to look inside, but do not. Every delivery man wonders what its recipients ordered, but that's not for them to know."**

Nils nodded slowly after the waiter had finished explaining his scheduled trip once more. Taking the bag off the counter, he was perplexed at the weight of the bag. *"Just how much did they stuff in this..?"* He thought to himself, wrapping the straps around his shoulder before waving goodbye to the waiter that had given him the bag. It was a relatively inconspicuous bag, having no markings nor brandings in any form or shape. The only feature it had, was an immense weight and a shoulder strap. But sighing deeply after going through the revolving door, he gradually made his way towards the nearest metro station. \
Nils sighed deeply once more as he made his way past the seemingly abandoned streets of Deth-Kelétam. The rain wasn't helping the dismal appearance of the streets at all, and the weight of the bag on his shoulder was already giving him doubts about the mission he had taken up. The situation in Máneá was extremely grim, and stepping through the puddles on the worn-down tiles beneath him, he began daydreaming of the life his parents were now living back in France. He'd never been to Earth himself, and looking up to the sky, he knew that every single spare cent that he had earned over the past years had gone straight to his parents. He'd stay behind himself and make a living one way or another, but the weight on his shoulders, the strap of the bag digging into his skin had become the embodiment of that weight. He turned the corner, remembering Antoine's suggestion to look for a different field of work, and an opportunity to earn even more money. but the business would be shadier, and the risks would increase. But taking a deep breath, Nils looked back before him, following the signs that led him towards the central metro station, and before long, his mission would continue.

His journey would start at platform 4, boarding the rapid transit metro that would bring him directly to Álef without any stops along the way. The metro system was completely automated, and had been that way almost immediately after humanity first made their way to Lúniks. The automated metro was once the most recognisable aspect of United Máneá, but after the collapse of the nation, it was soon forgotten. But even three decades after the fact, the metro, although in a much poorer condition, still worked like a charm. And upon arrival, Nils made his way through the doors and sat himself down on a vacant seat, exhaling deeply now that he could finally let the weight of the bag off his shoulders. The metro almost immediately departed for Álef, and getting pushed back in his seat slightly, he continued to stare at the bag that was now at his feet. Exhaling deeply, he decided against taking a peek inside, and instead took out his phone to check once more that his scheduled route would be. *"Transfer in Álef Centrale.. Line S14 to Lóivitlán.. Krónaplaca.."* He mumbled to himself, having buried himself in his phone so deeply already that he didn't realise the metro had already made its way out of the tunnels, going overground and letting natural light flood the carriages. Putting his phone back down, Nils glanced out of the window, a troubled yet warm smile appearing on his face as he stared into the distance. *"The hills look great.."* He whispered to himself, admiring the view of the grassy hills outside of the large window, knowing that it was a few he'd expect to see many more times in the future. The troubled smile faded the longer he stared at the grassy field, leaving only a warm, relaxed smile on his face as his vision began to blur. Álef was still a while away, and by the time the train would approach it, it would already go back into the underground tunnel systems. Nils exhaled deeply, slowly closing his eyes, dozing off momentarily with the gentle sound of the tracks echoing through the carriages relaxing and soothing him as the metro speeded to Álef.

Suddenly snapping back to his senses, Nils reopens his eyes to see the artificial lighting in the metro having returned, exchanging the bright sunlight from just a few moments ago. Burying his face in his hands and rubbing his eyes after waking up from a short nap, he realised the metro was gradually beginning to slow down. *"Nest halt: Álef Centrale. Di sette stace, sette metro terminést."* The metro chimed, and standing up from his seat, Nils picked up the heavy bag and swung it around his shoulder once more, having forgotten its weight already, and upon arriving at the Álef Central station, he made his way to his transfer at platform 3. Like clockwork, Line S14 arrived perfectly on time, and before long, Nils had found himself another seat and began dozing off yet again, letting the metro carry him towards his next stop once more.

The metro chimed once more. *"Nest halt: Krónapláca."* Nils's destination was arriving. Double checking the note that the waiter had given him, he stood back up and slung the bag back around his shoulder and pressed the button marked "HALT" on the support beam next to him. Nils sighed deeply, staring at the trail of lights in the tunnel approaching the platform of the metro station where he was set to get out at. He could see plenty of people waiting for the metro to stop to board, taking Nils's seat and going forward to their own destinations, but standing in front of the doors, he saw two men dressed in pitch-black attire, seemingly waiting for him to get out. Doubts and worries were beginning to swirl around in his mind. The waiter hadn't said anything about being awaited at Krónapláca, he'd have to walk his way towards the Sk. Garist tower himself, and yet it seemed like the mission had changed at the very last moment, unbeknownst to him. \
Nils stepped out of the metro, his heart beating loudly in his chest. \
**"Afternoon, Nils."** The man on the left said to him. Both of them were wearing shades, hiding their expression from Nils. **"Follow us."** \
Nils breathed heavily, and in an unstable manner. Frantically looking around for other clues for his mission, he couldn't find any, and with a worried tone in his voice, he opened his mouth to ask one question, all sorts of scenarios now racing through his head. *"Are you from.. Vátnelári?"* \
The man shook his head, pushing Nils forward ever so slight to get him to follow the two of them. 

**"Not quite. We'll explain later."**

## THREE - Youngblood
### Synopsis
Interrupted and taken away from completing his mission in Krónapláca, the two mysterious men bring Nils to an unmarked office. Without an idea of where he is, or who he is facing, he discovers the contents of the bag that he had carried from Deth-Kelétam, and the truth about Dáritke is revealed to him. But to his surprise, the office he was brought to meant no ill intent, instead offering him a new place to start working to still make up the loss of income.
### Youngblood 
With a slam on the table, the bag of goods is presented, with the two black-dressed mysterious men escorting Nils to the lounge chair. *"W-What does any of this mean?"* he asks in distress, his heart rate having risen in the past minutes on the way to the strange, hidden room he now finds himself in. Compared to the meeting with Mitch he had with Antoine for Dáritke, this room seemed much more lively and well maintained, and strangely enough, he felt welcome here. Rather than stepping into a cold, icy room, the atmosphere felt oddly warm and inviting. After a few seconds, the chair on the other end of the desk turns around, revealing another mysterious figure. A woman with long, slightly wavy hair, with a mixture of blue streaks in her hair that matched her similarly coloured suit. She appeared straightforward, she was here for business, not for chitchat.

**"Is this the middleman?"** She asked in a noticeably annoyed tone, sending further shivers down Nils's spine. Looking across his shoulders, he could see the two men nod slowly and quietly, before his eyes drew back to the woman before him. Her tone quickly changed, the expression on her face turning into a smirk, like a predator eyeing their prey. **"I haven't seen your face before, you're young blood. Tell me, what's your name?"** She said with a grin on her face, a sly tone in her voice, riling up more fear in Nils's body and mind. Nodding slowly, he whispers back, deciding to go with the strange, and eerie flow of the wave he found himself on. *"Nils.."* He began, his face turning pale after seeing the woman before him stand up to inspect the bag. *"Nils Lorieux.."*

With a quiet chuckle, the mysterious woman continued to play with Nils's feelings as she further inspected the bag, getting a feel of the contents and almost checking it for hidden hardware. After a few moments, she unzipped the main compartment, and retrieved a cigarette box from the end of the table, taking a cigarette and lighting it in one quick motion. Taking two puffs, she smiled warmly, eyeing the contents of the bag. From the lounge chair that Nils found himself in, he could recognise various tightly-wrapped packages, all colour-coded differently. He kept his hands by his side, the burning gaze of the two men supervising not only him, but also the woman on the opposite hand going through the bag he had brought across the border. But after what felt like an eternity, Nils's furiously beating heart was given the opportunity to calm down as the woman took the cigarette back from her lips, placing it on the ashtray to her left as she lowered her shades, gazing at Nils, before her smirk turned into a wide smile. **"They gave you a handful on your first trade."** She laughed, stretching out her hand across the table, offering a friendly handshake to him. Hesitantly, Nils stood up from his chair and shook her hand. **"The name's Raléi, we should take in a more.. private area."** She smiled with a gentle tone, her blue eyes sparkling as she gazed at the two men standing behind Nils. Almost immediately, the two nod and bow, and promptly make their way to exit the room, as the two new acquaintances return to their seats.

Upon the quiet sound of the door closing and locking behind the two men that had left the room, Raléi immediately presents a firearm, placing it on the table with her index finger resting firmly across the barrel of the pistol. Her smile on her face remained, assuring Nils to not be afraid. With a quiet sigh, she took off her hat and sunglasses and placed them at the rightmost end of the table, before breaking the silence in a more quiet and calm tone. **"Do you have any idea what it is that you brought me today?"** She asked with a worried tone. Nils gulped, struggling to find an answer to a question he wasn't expecting to receive at all. Clenching his fists, he glances around the room quickly, looking for any potential intruder that might be eavesdropping on them, but returning his eyes to Raléi, he exhales deeply. *"No.. Raléi. I don't know what I carried."* \
**"I suspected as much."** She immediately replied, sighing deeply but quietly as she takes a yellow package from the bag, slowly taking off the wrap to reveal a white styrofoam box. With a quick glance at Nils's increasingly worried expression on his face, she smiles warmly at him. **"Don't worry, this isn't harmful. This city is littered with this anyway."** She said calmly, taking a syringe and a little canister with an opaque fluid inside, which she placed on the table before her. **"This is a drug called "Lucky Water". It's a drug that you inject to trick your brain into producing excess dopamine and stress-relieving hormones for an extra kick, similarly to anti-depressants with an upbeat flavour. You're not the first to carry this, and you surely won't be the last, but you can imagine why it's so popular here in Zakh'háfo."** She explained, standing up and lifting the bag off the table, placing it beside her chair before returning her gaze to Nils.

Struggling to find the words to reply, he decides to remain silent for now, having no idea on how to even begin formulating a reply. The doubts that had been stirring inside his head had turned out to be true. The immense income that would come with middleman trading that Antoine had recommended him was obviously a façade to incredibly shady businesses. Drug dealing had been on his mind, and he had carried and transported weed before, but he had vowed to never set foot deeper into such shady businesses. And yet, here he was, having delivered that what he promised to never deliver. Even for Antoine, this was outrageous. A feeling of betrayal whirled up inside him. The person he had trusted for so long, the person that had given him a hand through his income over the past years, who had helped him fund the home for his parents in France, had he known all along? \
With the snap of Raléi's fingers, Nils was brought back to his senses as he saw her hand right before his eyes. She could see the worries in his eyes ever brightly and clearly, and picking up the pistol that she had placed on the table, she ejected the magazine, before placing both back on the table and reassuring Nils once more, hoping to ease his worries and stress. **"When I say that I mean no harm, Nils, it's a promise. Your friend has obviously lured you into this circuit."** She calmly explained, revealing a display from the underside of the table and opening a form, she continued to explain as she gave the display to Nils to read. **"Whoever your friend is, they have introduced you to "Dáritke". They pretend to be a middleman company that handles trades of important materials or documents between companies."** She continued, her expression having turned into a more stern one after mentioning the name "Dáritke". Watching Nils read through the page that she had given him, she sighed deeply. **"Half of that is true. You're indeed a middleman that was sent on a delivery between two companies. But Dáritke isn't a company, and neither are we, and you didn't carry "important materials" either."** \
Nils shivered, his eyes veered to the pistol that was just a little to the left of him. In his mind, he could see the entire journey that he had been sent on replay in his head once more. From signing the contract and shaking hands with Mitch, to receiving the heavy bag from the waiter, to being given access to a transport card that ultimately had brought him to the very room he found himself in right now. He should've seen this entire situation coming from the very second he followed Antoine down that stairwell in Deth-Kelétam. A shady business, a shady mission, and yet he pulled through just so he would be able to live a little on the easier side of things. He felt his throat clog up, and placing his hand on his mouth, he decided to keep quiet for the time being, letting his mind clear up a little bit more. 

**"I'll keep things simple."** Raléi began, taking a hold of the display and changing the page to another contract, returning it to Nils to read through properly once his mind cleared up a little. **"Dáritke will know that you will remain in Álef, of course. You were set to bring back another bag from the your original destination, right?"** Nils nodded slowly, beginning to read through the contract before him. Raléi sighed deeply before continuing. **"For your own safety, you're not setting another step in Deth-Kelétam. That means never seeing your "friend" again. They'll probably declare you KIA, and that'll be the end of your short journey at Dáritke."** \
Nils continued to read through the contract, and reaching the bottom of the page, he began to recognise various named that he had also read in the various forms and papers he had received from Dáritke. But one portion intrigued him. He would receive shelter in Kristánisin, and he would receive a new, safe function. Without too much thought, all that was on his mind was his own safety, and he immediately signed the contract at the very bottom of the page. Exhaling deeply, Nils looked back up from the display to see Raléi reveal another unloaded pistol. *"What happens now?"* He quietly asked, receiving mixed signals from Raléi as she slid the pistol over the table towards him, followed by a stretch hand. 

**"This becomes yours."** She replied with a wide smile, shaking Nils's hand. **"Let's get you settled in. Welcome to The Agency."**

## FOUR - New Faces, Same Antics
### Synopsis
*// This synopsis is outdated. Once the chapter is completed, a new synopsis will need to be written.* \
Nils is acquired by **The Agency**, and burns his bridges with **Dáritke**. Together with Raléi, he now begins protocol training and grows into his new role as management and netrunning. Meeting Omáti, the two get along very well and commence training together. This chapter will mostly encompass said training and introduce a bit of dialogue and showcase the personalities of the various characters.
### Drafted layout
*// Nils is introduced to the rest of the existing team within the Agency by Raléi, and learns that the team is rather small. He gets introduced to Omáti, a seasoned veteran with many years or military combat under his belt, who has retired from the Zakh'háfon military to aid others where possible. Together, the three go through the arsenal, and Nils is introduced to the basic procedures that The Agency undertakes during an interception mission.*

### New Faces
It'd been a few days since that hectic day in Kristánisin. Since Nils got intercepted by The Agency, he was instead received with open arms, and over the past few days, he'd been getting used to the new flow of his life at the building that The Agency had rented. With a deep sigh, he swung his legs off the side of the bed and checked the clock. *"9:30.."* He mumbled to himself, tossing the bedsheets to the side before rubbing his face in his hands. It'd be a fairly busy day for him today, and his new life would get a kickstart in just a few more hours. The past few days he'd mostly spent resting and adjusting to the sudden change in pace of his life, but now that the stage of recovery was behind him, it was time for him to get to learn the ins and outs of The Agency.





## FIVE - Where we left off
### Synopsis
*// This synopsis is subject to change, as it no longer matches the current layout of ACT I* \
Extracts [[LUCKY WATER#Drafted Story the uuuhh]]. \
Getting along well with Omáti, the two go onto their first mission together in **Stéu-Khessi**\* (*// instead of Deth-Kelétam*), with the goal to complete a Lucky Water trade with a representative from **Vátnelári**\* (*// Potentially changing to Dáritke*). 

### Drafted Layout
*// Nils and Omáti travel to **Stéu-Khessi** together, and similarly to when Nils was interrupted during his mission, they interrupt another clueless middleman. Coincidentally, they meet another young person who was undergoing a similar mission that Nils was on before being intercepted by the two Agency guards. Halting the young person, Omáti explains the truth behind Dáritke to them, but they refuse to accept the invitation to instead burn bridged and join The Agency.*

## SIX - Familiar Foe 
### Synopsis
*// This synopsis is outdated and subject to change.* \
In his next mission, **Nils** is sent to receive a handover from **Dáritke** under supervision of Raléi and a representative from Dáritke. To Nils's surprise, the handover from Dáritke is brought out by Kasper and Antoine, which creates a troublesome situation. Especially now that Nils learned that Dáritke isn't the best agency to work under, with its agents being frequently exploited, he also came to learn that Antoine wasn't the best person in the world as a result, and their friendship and partnership was merely a fluke. Despite this, all ends well, and both parties decide to keep their mouth shut regarding this new information. Kasper too, keeps his mouth shut about Nils's defection to **The Agency**, which means **Mitch** does not learn about this, leading up to **RUDE REUNION**.
### Drafted Layout
*// Following a hint received from the intercepted middleman, Nils and Raléi find a trail and make their way to a location where **Kasper**, a manager under **Mitch**, is expected to complete a trade with a Vátnelári representative. However, Nils recognises a familiar person standing next to Kasper. It was nobody other than his old friend **Antoine**.*


## SEVEN - RUDE REUNION
### Synopsis
In a strange letter, Nils and Raléi receive an invite to an otherwise inconspicuous ball in **Kristensend, Rhódisz**. Present are top figures from the various companies that fled to Rhódisz after the Collapse of United Máneá, and with various agencies having sprung up in the two other nations, the ball was seen as a means of shaking hands, and seeing what is possible in terms of reaching an agreement together, in hopes to help the economic and societal damage that was done. 

Both **Dáritke** and **Vátnelári** representatives were present, next to Nils and Raléi, which sparked uncertainties for all parties that were present. After what feels like a peaceful hour of chitchat with various companies (Notably *Ódóni*/*Hammerhead*), a discourse is finally sparked as **Mitch O'Well** approaches Raléi, and takes notice of Nils, who was once part of **Dáritke**. Drama and conflict ensues, and Raléi's stealth weaponry is unveiled to Mitch, with a subtle hint to "Keep this out of the public" and "Handle things in a more private manner". Mitch ignores this hint, and a combat situation ensues.
### Wrapped in gold
*"Raléi, take a look at this."* Nils called out into the main hallway, having retrieved a number of envelopes from the letterbox right behind the main door. *"A letter from a Rhódisz company. Have you heard anything about them?"* \
With a soft grunt, Raléi forced herself back out of the sofa. A poor night of sleep was behind her, the absurd scenario of the day before still replaying in her head over and over again. **"Can't be Dáritke, can it?"** She thought to herself out loud, placing her hands on her face as she slowly woke herself up, before looking towards Nils. Clumsily, she tried to catch the stack of envelopes that were tossed at her, giving her another moment to sit down on the sofa and slowly reopen each and every letter they had received. She sighed deeply as she went through the various white sheets of paper. Most were addressed at Omáti, some were automated government letters, but just like Nils had pointed out, one letter was sent by a Rhódisz company. With Nils sitting down next to her on the sofa, their main goal was now to figure out what this strange, golden envelope had to offer. Carefully cutting open the envelope, Raléi was first to read the letter top to bottom, unable to find out the sender, but learning that it was a certain type of invitation. **"Kristensend Ball, huh.."** She mumbled to herself, and letting Nils take the carefully processed letter. Darting through the words, he too, came to the same conclusion. It was an invitation to a certain ball, but not much more than that was made apparent from the letter. Scratching his head, Nils began to read the letter aloud, hoping that Raléi and he would be able to figure something out by thinking out loud, or maybe even discovering a simple clue. 

*"To our esteemed recipient(s),*

*We hereby gladly invite you to our annual Kristensend Ball. Considering this is your first formal invitation to our ball, this means that information regarding the contents of the event will be limited to the location itself, as well as the guest list. The wellbeing and safety of our guests is our top priority, and following an incident we unfortunately have to keep this private from you until further notice.* 

*Despite this, we are looking forward to being your hosts at the 27th edition of the Kristensend Ball. Information regarding the location and time of the event will be made clear to you within an hour from opening the envelope. We hope to see you there, esteemed members of The Agency.*

*We send our sincerest regards,* \
*The Kristensend Ball."*

Placing the letter on the coffee before him, Nils sighed deeply. Glancing to his left would give him the sight of Raléi lost deeply in thought. **"Within an hour from opening the envelope.."** She mumbled to herself, thinking out loud as to what this clue might mean. **"Is it a puzzle?"** \
Nils shrugged, and looking around the living room only left him more puzzled. *"If we're getting information within an hour, where do we receive it?"* \
Like clockwork, the doorbell rang, and the two immediately jumped up from the sofa to investigate. Raléi hadn't made any appointments, and it wouldn't make sense for Edgar to have changed his mind so soon either. Omáti was in Ákros for his routine hospital visit, which left zero reasonable possibilities for someone to ring the doorbell. Taking no risks, she made her way to the front door, instructing Nils to stay behind as she loaded her pistol for the worst case scenario. But gazing through the peephole in the door, she instead found nothing. Sighing deeply, she opened the door with her hand on her holstered pistol, only to find a cardboard package coated with a similar shade of gold that the envelope from the Kristensend Ball had arrived in. **"..Huh."** She smirked, kneeling down to inspect the box up close. Even if the signs led to a genuine package, it also wasn't an oddity in this region to instead receive packaged bombs, so she couldn't be more careful than this. But after shaking the box gently, nothing appeared to be inside, and the sender and recipient did match those of The Agency and the Kristensend Ball. She chuckled quietly, looking into the hallway to look for any deliverer, but finding the halls empty as usual, she closed the door behind her and made her way back to Nils.

*"A package wrapped in gold?"* He immediately asked upon seeing the box get carried towards the coffee table. Raléi nodded, placing the package down and opening it right away as she mumbled to herself, carefully unfolding the cardboard. **"Whoever sent us the invitation, they certainly know more about us than we know about them."** She sighed deeply, finding another sheet of paper as the box's only content. But unlike the previous letter, this letter only contained six words in the very centre, only confusing Raléi and Nils even further. 

***"The folds will guide you there."***

**"The folds.."** Raléi thought out loud, followed by Nils immediately inspecting the folds on the cardboard box. Just like the letter had said, each of the folds had a different piece of information written on them. *"August 20th."* Nils read aloud, followed by the rest of the folds. *"20:00, Kristensend Vosthalle, 150."* \
Raléi remained silent for a few moments, resting her hand over her mouth as she looked to be lost deep in thought again. Checking her phone, she looked at the date and time, and looking back at the box, she returned her hand away from her mouth and leaned forward. **"Tomorrow at 8, in the Vosthalle in Kristensend."** She began, staring deeply at the number "150", sharing the puzzled look that Nils had on his face as they scrambled for a meaning. *"Could it be the amount of guests attending?"* Nils suddenly remarked, standing up to look out of the window. The Agency had a simple residence rented in Kristánisin, but it had a view towards the west, which was where Rhódisz, their destination, was located. **"I believe so, I can't think of anything else."** Raléi nodded, also stepping out of the sofa and closing the box once again. With a wide smile, she stretched her arms and followed Nils towards the window. 

**"Well then!"** She laughed, placing her hand on Nils's shoulder, who crossed his arms as the two gazed into the far distance. **"Looks like we'll have to dust off our formal suits again!"**
### Welcome to the Elite
*"We have arrived, sir and madam."* The escort driver said with a neutral expression on his face. He didn't take a glance into the rear view mirror to watch the two passengers open their doors and take their leave. The protocol that the Kristensend Ball had given them was that they'd make their way to Kristensend by train, where they would be picked up by an unmarked escort vehicle. The driver would know nothing, just that they were driving two esteemed guests to the Vosthalle, just like they did throughout the night. But this meant that any sort of contact with the driver was prohibited. Promptly, Nils and Raléi made their way out of the car, waving the driver goodbye before making their way towards the guarded front door. **"Do we need to ident-"** Raléi tried to ask, but getting cut off, the waiter at the front door merely raised his hand upright, halting them in place. Nils recognised that he was wearing an earpiece, and just a few seconds later, the waiter lowered his hand and then bowed, gesturing the two to enter through the main hall.

The main attraction of the night was by far the ball itself, and the enormous hall in the well-known Vosthalle had delivered. Walking through the beautifully decorated hall already made Nils open his mouth wide in awe, while Raléi began to look out for familiar faces. She was hoping to see Alex, or perhaps Maria, but looking through the enormous wave of head in the main hall, it was difficult for her to pick out faces she recognised. **"150 probably wasn't number of attendants."** Raléi chuckled to herself, looking back at Nils, who was also trying to find familiar faces. The halls were decorated with dim lanterns, and in the main hall there were at least ten chandeliers that had been hung up from the ceiling, all giving the red carpets and accent a beautiful glow. 

*"Raléi!"* A voice suddenly called out for the duo after the two made their way into the main hall. Immediately looking in the direction that the voice had come from, Raléi could see a hand raised, which belonged to a face familiar to her. Smiling warmly, she saw Robert approach her. *"Been too long! Don't tell me you're still into the shady businesses!"* He laughed, leaving Raléi crossing her arms and sighing deeply. **"Bad news, Rob, still the same old."** She smirked. **"There's no leaving this circuit for me, but I'm making my way through fine, at least."** \
In the corner of his eye, Nils spotted a waiter with a serving platter of champagne, and tapping Raléi's shoulder, he let her know that he'd split up with her for the time being to go for a little stroll through the main hall and see for himself whether or not he'd also recognise a familiar face among the masses of people. He didn't want to third wheel Robert and Raléi catching up too much either, so taking his leave, he set off into the hall. 

To his surprise, he could recognise a lot of the brand representatives that were present at the ball, giving him an impression of what sort of event this really was. He could recognise exquisite outfits from Ódóni Industries, and there were plenty of people from Hammerhead and even the Máneán Metro. Nils felt something stir in his stomach, and taking a seat near the main stage to ease up a little bit, his mind began to work overtime to figure out what the purpose of this ball really was. *"Ódóni.. Hammerhead.."* he mumbled to himself, having recognised the face of **Jakub Gizën**, the CEO of Ódóni, within the enormous crowd. *"It's just an elitist ball, isn't it..?"* \
**"You could say it's elitist."** A young woman's voice suddenly interrupted his thoughts, and looking to his left, Nils faced the person the voice belonged to. A young woman, wearing a black suit with a grey tie, and not much more than that. She had wavy, shoulder-length hair, and shimmering green eyes. With a puzzled look, Nils failed to formulate a reply. **"I take it this is your first invitation too, then?"** She smirked, crossing her arms and taking a deeper look at Nils's confused expression. *"Sorry.. yeah, it is.."* He mumbled back, standing up from his seat and offering a handshake to the young woman. *"I'm Nils, by the way, member of Zakh'háfo's Agency. Is this your first time too?"* \
Shaking his hand, the young woman showed a slight smile. **"It's Maria, pick any career that sounds intriguing to you, I'll just say in reply that I was dragged here by the higher-ups."** She laughed, letting go of Nils's hand again to cross her arms once more. **"Right now I'm with the Álef Metro, however. But considering you're with The Agency, I take it you know of Raléi?"** \
Nils nodded slowly, and gazed into the crowd to see if he could see Raléi and Robert's heads poke out between the rest of the people, but to no avail. *"We're essentially partners in crime, you could say."* He said, sighing at the end. *"Comes with risks and rewards, but I can't help worrying about the risks."* \
**"All fields of work come with risks."** Maria replied with a wide smile on her face. **"Carbine's research was an enormous risk, the Liavolta energy harvesters came with risks, and even supervising an otherwise automated metro system comes with risks."** She continued, giving Nils an odd sliver of hope as he looked back into Maria's shimmering eyes. But suddenly breaking the stare, Maria looked at her watch. It seemed that she received a message from the higher-up that had brought her to Kristensend in the first place, and waving a quick goodbye to Nils, she was quick to disappear again into the masses of people that Nils was looking towards. He let out a deep sigh. The projects that Maria had mentioned to him seemed far too specific to be random examples. But a woman as young as her couldn't have been involved this deeply in every single project, right? She seemed a mere 20 years old, maybe 23 at best, and the Liavolta crisis was already almost a decade ago, and Carbine's research in Kósfrii reached its premature end in 2073.. 

Letting out another deep sigh, Nils shook off the thoughts that circled in his mind about the mysterious woman that he had just met. Something seemed oddly supernatural about her, but he couldn't place a finger as to why that was. Even at her young age, she seemed to be incredibly experienced, something that even Omáti wouldn't be able to match, and he was surely over twice her age. Shaking his head, Nils stretched his arms and picked up his glass of champagne back from the table beside him. *"Time to see where Raléi veered off to."* 
### RUDE REUNION
*"-and even so, Carbine rejected the acquisition offer, so our story ends there."* The man said with a deep sigh. With her arms crossed, Raléi was standing on the opposing end, holding the conversation with the man, whose name was **Thomas Vanhuyt**, an experienced researcher and aeronautics development leader at **Hammerhead**. In the corner of her eye, she could see Nils approaching her from a distance, his navy blue suit matching her own, shimmering under the lights of the chandeliers. Shaking Thomas's hand and bidding him farewell for now, she immediately made her way to Nils, pressing her finger against his lips to shut him up before he could talk. Gesturing him towards the far end of the ball, she sighs deeply, finalyl explaining the situation to the ever-confused Nils. **"Sorry for that. Have you seen familiar faces yet?"** She asked suddenly, leaving Nils's mind skip a beat before he shook his head in response. The only person he had seen and spoken to was Maria, but much more than that he hasn't recognised. And even so, Maria wasn't a familiar face to him. *"Not really.."* He sighed, looking into the vast crowd of people gathering around the main stage. A classical band had gathered on top, and string music was soon to be played for the visitors in the main hall. \
Raléi sighed deeply once more, seemingly struggling to formulate her words, before suddenly looking Nils directly into his eyes, her light blue eyes giving off an odd shimmer, one that looked similar to the shimmer he saw in Maria's eyes. **"We're obviously not alone here, as you may have guessed by now."** She began, looking behind her to see whether or not some people in the crowd were eavesdropping the two. **"The two of us are here, and I've seen Vátnelári representatives too. And.. Dáritke is here too, I've seen Mitch's crippled self walk around here too."** She scoffed. Nils felt a shiver go through his body. Not only did Vátnelári representatives being present at the ball mean that there would be a risk of getting called out for when they had approached Edgar in Stéu-Khessi, but Mitch being present meant that Nils's life was in danger. It was his contract that Nils had signed just a little over a month ago, and it was him that had presumed him dead ever since he burned his bridged and set foot in Kristánisin and subsequently joined The Agency. **"Lay low. We can't trust Kasper and Antoine to have kept their words. If Mitch sees you, everyone at the ball will be at risk."** Raléi whispered, keeping her hand low and flat, gesturing towards Nils to keep himself small and to blend in with the crowd together with her. Taking a deep breath, Nils was quick to follow Raléi's instructions, recognising that her wrist blade was already drawn, preparing for the worst, but expecting it first and foremost. 

It hadn't taken too long before their attempted cover had already been blown, as the raspy voice of an older man echoed through the hall. *"My eyes aren't deceiving me, are they?"* He shouted, causing both Raléi and Nils to look into the direction that the voice had come from, only to come face to face with the very person they were trying to avoid: Mitch O'Well. *"Been a while, eh? Presumed you were dead. Goods delivered, killed in Egórecë on the spot. I take it you instead met my old friend?"* He said, his age showing as he coughed loudly to clear his throat right after, pointing at Raléi. Nils wanted to interrupt, but being held back by Raléi, he could see her wrist blade already shimmering in the light, having left its sheath. **"Been a while, Mitch."** She sighed, eyeing him from top to bottom, especially keeping an eye on his walking cane, something that even Nils knew he didn't have back when the two had met in Deth-Kelétam. His health must have plummeted in the past month. **"Looking even more terrible than before."** Raléi smirked. **"Been meddling in your own goods? Just the way I remember you."** Mitch hissed back, tightly gripping his cane tightly in his palm. *"I take it you've given this boy a roof of his own."* He replied, now pointing directly at Nils, shaking slightly as he struggled to keep it straight in the air. *"Bothers me. Antoine promised me a prodigy, and now my prodigy is elsewhere. I'm not too stoked about this boy sharing Dáritke's secrets with you, miss Alentikíles..-!"* \
He lowered his hand back to his hip, and moving his blazer to the side, he revealed a holster with a loaded pistol stored within it. It seemed that, despite his terrible shape, Mitch didn't seem to care all too much more about his health. *"Exactly how I remembered him."* Nils whispered to Raléi, who nodded in agreement. Mitch had always been a straightforward man, just like when he had met him in the first place in Deth-Kelétam last month, and just like how Kasper and Antoine had described him last week. He was always set on getting business done first, skipping over the chitchat. And it seemed the chitchat section was over.

**"We're *not* doing this in Kristensend, Mitch."** Raléi scoffed, keeping her voice down to not attract any further attention from the crowd who was seemingly entranced by the string orchestra playing on stage. Taking a step forward, she carefully yet forcefully grabbed Mitch by his blazer, trying to keep him composed and prevent him from making any hectic movements, or even shooting blindly into the open and hitting an innocent guest. In a hurry, Nils reached for his own pistol on his hip as well, having raised alert while watching Raléi continue to tone down Mitch. He could already see the blue glow of her neurotech begin to shine through her suit, and the glove on her right hand was already gone and pocketed, indicating that she'd be ready to use her wrist blade under any circumstance. The scene was turning more and more grim, and among the masses of the people tending to the main stage, Nils could only hope that nothing bad would come from this.

The tension that had been building up over the past minutes reached a sudden end, however, and it remained nothing more than just hopes. A gunshot echoed through the hall, interrupting not just the band that was playing, but also caused panic to stir through the masses of the people as they steer away from the trio. Raléi gripped Mitch tighter by his chest, doing her best to tone him down in whatever way possible. The worst outcome had already come, a shot had already been fired, and now the attention was fixated on them. What more could go wrong? \
**"I'd warned you, Mitch. This is how you're staying true to Gustavo's legacy? You brought in a weapon and fired it at the Kristensend Ball? Now everyone present frowns upon Dáritke."** She said, making sure to mock him in front of all the eyes that were now fixated on them. With a swift move, she pushes Mitch down onto the floor, his cane falling beside him as he struggled to keep his balance. On the floor, he immediately reaches for his pistol, but before being able to rest his finger on the trigger and fire a shot between Raléi's eyes, a foot kicked against his hand, kicking away his pistol into the far distance in the crowd as both Nils and Raléi now stared down on him. Nils felt his body begin to heat up from the nervosity in his mind. A lot of eyes were fixated on him at this very moment, frowning upon him. **"Looks are deceiving, Mitch."** Raléi scoffed, and in the corner of his eye, Nils could see that her blade on her right wrist was now fully unsheathed and exposed to the crowd, its stained silver shining slightly under the light of the chandeliers. **"Some people improve over the years to age like a unique, authentic Vaon wine."** She smirked, retracting her blade and placing her glove back over her hand. **"Unfortunately for you, you've aged like nothing more than milk, Mitch."** \
As if she was in command, she broke the fierce stare between herself and crumpled Mitch on the floor to look at the approaching staff rushing towards the site of the incident. Nils's heart was racing in his chest, struggling to figure out what was next for him to do. He'd never seen Raléi as fierce and as serious as this, even during the mission where they stumbled upon Kasper and Antoine. This was an experienced, professional and serious side of her that he didn't know she even had at all. \
**"Target neutralised. The weapon was tossed towards the waiters' quarters."** Raléi informed the security guards, already having picked up and detained Mitch. Looking around to face him once more, she smiled with a smug expression on her face. **"Maybe tell Kasper he's getting a promotion to take leadership of Dáritke. Nils, we're leaving."**

Feeling as if his shoes were filled with lead, Nils nodded, and looking around at the immense amount of people that were slowly breaking their stares at the grim situation they just witnessed, the ball was slowly resuming like normal. Many eyes were gazing at the two who were making their way towards the exit of the main hall. Closing the door behind them, Nils finally let out a deflated sigh, exhaling all the pressure that had been building up within him as soon as the last pair of eyes quit gazing at his back. But his moment of rest was short-lived, because almost immediately, the door reopened behind them. A familiar face stepped through, and both Raléi and Nils gasped quietly upon remembering the name of the young woman that approached the two. 

**"Fancy seeing the two of you again! Quite the show, you made."** She laughed, revealing the very pistol that Raléi had kicked out of Mitch's hands just a moment ago, twirling it around her finger. *"Maria..?"* Nils mumbled under his breath, dumbfounded by her ability to have intercepted the pistol that easily. He'd seen it on the floor at the very moment security made their way into the main hall, and yet, Maria was holding it in her hands right here. **"I'm glad you remembered my name, Nils."** She replied, a wide smile forming on her face as she put the pistol in his hand, gazing deeply into his eyes. **"Take your rest now. I'm sure we'll be seeing each other much more often from this moment onwards."**

## Addendum
The story continues in [[ACT II - ÁLEF AFTER SUNDOWN]]. \
Internally, Dáritke undergoes an enormous overhaul as Mitch remains in power, despite his extremely poor health. From what once was a sketchy agency, it quickly becomes akin to a carefully executed form of mafia, with the ideals of Gustavo remaining clear and apparent throughout every edge of Dáritke's boundaries, casting a troublesome image for Kristánisin's Agency's future now that bad blood has been shed between them.