# THE ROAD HOME
Follows up and expands the **Addendum** in [[ACT II - ÁLEF AFTER SUNDOWN]].
## FOURTEEN - Ground Zero // The Road Home
### Drafted
Maria makes her way towards the central station by foot, fully aware of all risks involved if she'd get spotted at this very moment. The emotions that are continuously building up from the loss of Raléi eat away her thoughts.
### Ground Zero
The soles of her shoes were scraping against the floor, she couldn't be bothered to walk properly, and instead shuffled towards her next destination. She refused to look back again. She refused to face the grim reality that would appear before her eyes if she turned around once more. With her hands in her pockets, she marched onwards, all while the pressure on her mind continued to increase. Even if Dáritke had achieved their mission, they only completed half of it. Their targets included herself, and she was fully aware that walking out in the open in the streets of Nórem would make her as vulnerable as possible. She was still wounded, her arm still bled slightly, and even if she tried to cover up the wounds with her jacket, it would be a matter of time before the blood would seep through and dye the thin jacket from a neutral blue into a deep crimson colour. She exhaled deeply, her eyes were fixated at the floor beneath her. The dust on the tiles was fading away the further she stepped away from the metro station. Despite the destruction of the line, she could still hear a metro pass by as routine every ten minutes. But even if it felt reassuring, it didn't give her hope whatsoever. A smile refused to form on her exhausted, emotionless face. 

The pain was beginning to creep up to her. She had walked for twenty minutes by now, the central station of Álef coming closer and closer the further she walked. But the wounds also began to eat away her strength and stamina. She hadn't eaten properly in half a week, and she felt severely dehydrated. The central station had a few taps to take water from, but until she would reach the hospital in Ákros, she would have to live on water alone. She sighed deeply, finally looking upwards to look at the unique skyline that decorated Álef from afar. She recognised the Ódóni tower, the various skyscrapers that housed thousands of people, and the list went on. In this moment, she couldn't come up with the names of every tower, even if she had spent a good amount of time in the very heart of the city. Her thoughts were too clouded, there were too many worries circling around in her head. Now was not the time. *Now was not the time.* \
A tear found its way past her eyes, but shaking her head, she refused to let another fall. **"Now's not the time."** She whispered to herself, inhaling deeply, before exhaling deeply. Her legs were beyond worn out, her stomach stung, her wounds screaming at her to quit walking, and to take a break instead. But now was not the time. In a matter of moments, she had reached her destination, but her worries didn't end there. **"Dáritke's here."** She mumbled under her breath, darting into the crowd to blend in with the surroundings to reduce the offs of being found, or even worse, killed in the open. She knew that Dáritke was ruthless. Whatever the amount that was placed on her head was, mercenaries would break laws and ethics to assure they'd complete the bounty and receive the payout. But while one bounty had been paid for, the remaining one was on her head. 

Her eyes landed on a shady figure in the far distance of the metro halls. **"Yellow stripe."** She hissed under her breath, making sure to not attract the attention of the everyday commuters that were surrounding her. She needed to camouflage herself, one way or another. She frantically looked around, and a clothing store seemed to be her saviour. Following the masses of the people, she would suddenly break out of line and carefully head into the store. **"Nothing dramatic.."** She thought to herself, her eyes landing on a simple black cap and a pair of sunglasses. The weather didn't match the need for sunglasses, but it would cover up her eyes, at least. She didn't have a lot of money left on hand, but it was a necessity. *"It's this, or death."* A voice echoed in her head. She nodded to herself, handing over the money to the cashier, and after paying, she pulled off the tags and immediately put on the cap and sunglasses before reuniting with the flow of commuters. It wouldn't take too much longer before she would make her way towards Ákros. Álef was Dáritke's playground, which meant that as soon as she'd board the metro, she'd have escaped the biggest looming threat. Her eyes looked at the departure boards. The **S2** would depart in just a moment, which would bring her directly towards the capital. She sighed deeply. It wasn't the time to have second thoughts, so taking the risk, she reached the platform and boarded the metro, taking a vacant seat near the window. *"It's this, or death."* The voice echoed once more, as she closed her eyes, exhaling deeply as she felt her body unwind.

**"I know, Raléi."**
### The Road Home
With a deep breath, she built up the courage to pick up her phone once more. Her eyes were fixated on the dial, the numbers 0-9 almost lifting off the screen, begging to be pressed. She knew his number by heart, and yet, she was hesitant to ring the number. She closed her eyes once more, and breathing in deeply through her nose, she held in her breath for a moment, before exhaling deeply through her mouth. **"It's only fair."** She thought to herself, beginning to enter the phone number, one by one. Her finger was levitating above the dial button, but not letting her hold herself back any further, she pressed the button, and rang the phone. It beeped twice, before the other end picked up. *"Omáti!"* The voice spoke, belonging to nobody other than the man himself. A troubled smile appeared on her face, as she stared at the screen on her phone. Where she had just gained the courage to make the phone call, she had lost all courage to actually achieve the goal: Informing Omáti. Her emotions began to wreck her mind. **"I'm on my way."** She said quietly, her eyes fixated on the call timer as she felt her head begin to sting and cloud up once more. *"You both made it out? That's fantastic!"* Omáti cheered, trying to keep his own voice down as well, careful to not wake up the rest of the hospital residents that he shared the floor with. But she remained quiet, the troubled smile staying on her face as her vision blurred. The call timer became nothing more than a transforming blur that ticked every second. *"Maria?"* Omáti asked, his voice having changed into a tone of worry. But she remained quiet. She could hear Omáti sigh through the phone. *"Safe travels. Nils and I will await you two. Please, be safe."* \
The phone beeped. Omáti had hung up. Her hands flew to her face. The realisation of the gruesome situation now properly dawned upon her. Raléi was no longer here to aid her. Raléi was no longer here to help her when she became anxious like this. Her head fell to the table before her, buried in her hands as tears began to stream out of her ears. Raléi was gone. Whatever timeline she would enter next, Raléi wouldn't be there with her. Panic was corrupting her mind, overwhelming her thoughts. Raléi was gone. The love of her life. She was gone. She had watched her vanish from her life in slow-motion. And whatever thoughts were haunting her, she'd have to explain them to Omáti and Nils. 

She did her best to regain control over her breathing, the voice in her head telling her to breathe in deeply, and then exhale deeply. Over and over again. The voice was familiar, but her mind was too foggy to place a finger on who it belonged to. Even if she was overwhelmed by emotions, she felt herself cool down and ease up once more, a strange pressure looming on her shoulders. Wiping her tears, she let out a deep breath again, looking at her soaked hands before her. She had cried rivers just now, and looking around the cabin of the metro, she was surprised to see it was completely devoid of other passengers. She smiled in relief, her eyes returning to her right hand. A strange glow appeared on it, and holding her palm up in the air, two particles made their appearance once more. She knew she must be seeing ghosts at this point, but it felt like a relief to her. Kósfrii wasn't powering this, Pahlatlán wasn't powering this, and yet, the sight of the ever-familiar particles still felt genuine. She smiled warmly, watching them dance around on her palm. It had successfully calmed her down, even if she couldn't pinpoint the source or the reason why. It didn't matter to her too much. Her gut feeling already told her enough where her mind couldn't. 

**"Thank you, darling."** She whispered to herself, watching the particle pulse brightly in response. **"Thank you, so much."**

## FIFTEEN - Breathe In
### Drafted
Arriving in Ákros, despite all the risks that come with it, Maria meets up with Omáti and Nils for one last time, informing them about the gruesome fate that happened in Nórem, and tells them her current plan to flee back to her home nation of Jóthul. She makes the promise with both of them to meet them again soon when they're all in a better shape and peace of mind again, but upon her departure from the hospital, she already knows that it's a promise she can't keep. (Omáti was essentially at death's door by this time, aiding and supervising Nils's recovery at the cost of his own health.)
## SIXTEEN - And Out
### Drafted
Arriving home, the floodgates open and her emotions wreak havoc on her mind. 
## SEVENTEEN - Wishes Granted
### Drafted
Maria, a few weeks after the fateful day in Álef, makes her way to Zhuehai joining forces with the Hammerhead Research Team and gets a proper involvement in the future of space technology. Stepping through the planetarium-in-construction in Shánzhe, her eyes immediately fixate onto the nearby star of **Messier-48**, which Raléi had named **"Cintura"**. It would be the first of many wishes from Raléi that she would fulfill after her death.
### A light in the dark
Her phone rang loudly beside her, causing her to abruptly wake up. The night before had been one she wished to forget, and rubbing her eyes to wake herself up properly, she agreed to leave it at that. She was still wearing the clothing she was the night before, and hadn't even made it to her bed. She found herself having fallen asleep on the sofa, and looking around the living room, she saw the sun rising through the massive windows before her. She groaned, still feeling too tired to think, but also out of annoyance from her ringing phone. **"It's 7.."** She mumbled, taking a hold of her phone, **"Who calls at such an hour.."** The number was marked private, only causing more annoyance to stir up within her head. The phone continued to ring, and sighing, she picked it up. **"It's Maria.."** \
*"It's been a while, Maria."* The voice interrupted her, and to her own surprise, she seemed to recognise it through the static quality. **"Owen..?"** \
*"I won't meddle in on the details from Álef, for your sake. I've overheard the things you mentioned in the Ákros hospital about your ambitions."* He continued, causing Maria's eyes to light up in both confusion, but also in hopefulness. *"A Carbine team has moved to Zhuehai to work under Hammerhead's space department. There's a few spots open, I think you'd love it there."* He said, and even if Maria could only hear his voice through the speaker on her phone, she knew that he was smiling brightly on the other end of the conversation. Maria felt tears dwell up in her eyes. The despair she had found herself in just a day ago was already being dusted off, showing the true colours that Raléi had left behind. It were Maria's to pick up from, and with Hammerhead having given Carbine a roof to work under, it could be not just an opportunity for her to meet her old team from Kósfrii once more, but also a start to make Raléi's wishes come true. **"Huh.."** Maria laughed, a surprised yet content smile appearing on her face. **"Give me a date, Owen, you can count me in."**
