# ANGEL - Outline
**ANGEL** is a story that is in *active and early development*. It is set to integrate the following:
- [[Internal Channels]]: **Internal Channels** is a collection of communication and interaction logs monitored by Unit 4C. Though looks may be deceiving for a unit of this size, its capabilities far exceed one's expectations. 
- [[KILLJOY - Story]]: **KILLJOY** as a story connects [[TRAVEL RISK]] with SOLARdawn and subsequently **Project Angel**, tying together the remains of Kristánisin's **Agency** through the means of **Nils** and **Nova**. 
While Project Angel is undergoing development, **Dave Mullan**, a director and researcher under **SOLARdawn** is in frequent contact with his long-time friend and colleague, **Angelina Velana**, who is also a prestigious researcher within SOLARdawn. After her own promotion, she gained insider intel and was allowed a look into the past projects that have been worked on in secret in not just SOLARdawn, but also in its previous company: **PALMER-EDEN**. Being a researcher that is eager to learn more, eager to strive for more, she decides to dust off the Ultima project and attempts to unlock humanity's full potential with **Vitaly Leremkov**'s ongoing development. However, it would require a human test subject willing enough to be the recipient of not just the Ultima organ in question, but also willing enough to undergo a 22-hour long surgery. Even with all risks involved, the only person that remained willing enough to become the recipient or vessel of the project is Angelina herself. 

The procedure comes with risks of their own, and the extended stress on the vessel's nervous system can lead to severe amnesia, or even to a complete loss of memory. Even if the project would succeed, the vessel would still need to relearn everything from step one onwards. And yet, in **August 2074**, the last green light illuminates and the project receives a go.

**Dave Mullan**, on the other hand, is transferred to the campus of **Alexandrie Pharmaceuticals** to continue his research there with his team. Having already lost contact with Angelina, he was now completely isolated altogether from coming in contact with her at all, leaving him only able to wonder and hope that the operation and project wasn't for nothing in the end.

**Off the deep end**: How does the ambitious Angelina in **2074** become the executioner in **2076**? Drafted is that **Dr. Francis Ezarea**, who was the one to carry out the heart surgery to her, replacing her heart with the **Flame Heart** organ, allowing her to utilise the power provided through the means of the old **Ultima project**. Recognising her newfound capabilities, Ezarea decided to amend the project that Angelina had laid out for herself for during her rehabilitation process, and instead of having herself relearn to become a prestigious researcher once more, he instead opts to use her Flame Heart for power and strength alone, transferring her to **SOLARsec** in **Myrdiva** where she soon grows into her role of executioner. 

Francis's reasoning for averting from the original project's planning is the **Failure of Project Gradient** in **2073** and the potential that he saw in Angel with her **Flame Heart**. Angel's amnesia gave Francis a clean canvas to convince the recovering Angel that her powers were used for good hands, even if it meant that she would become nothing more but a killing machine, and an executioner. 

In **August 2076**, the project for **Alexandrie** that **Dave Mullan** had been a part of has reached its conclusion, and returning to the SOLARdawn campus, he immediately connects with a Terminal once more to see the progress made in Angelina's recovery. By now, it had been almost two years since he had last seen her, which gave him hope that her recovery was proceeding well, or had even been completed by now. But to his shock and horror, 4C explains to Dave in which direction the project instead had gone to. Instead of returning to her research once more, Angel was reduced to nothing more but a cold-blooded killer, working for **SOLARsec** in **Myrdiva**. Without a second thought, even with all risks involved, Dave sets off to Myrdiva, in hopes to steer Angel in the right direction once more, in hopes that she would at least remember him, ending up on a back-and-forth journey in a desperate attempt to find a lead that'd bring him to Angel.

**"Remember"**: Following **KILLJOY** and during **HEAVY RAINFALL WARNING**, Dave makes his way to Amadnésam, closely following 4C's directions and data points to lead him directly to Angel. Frozen in place and frozen in time in the halls of the SOLARdawn campus once more, Dave finds Angel escorted by various SOLARsec guards, but to both of their surprise, their eyes meet, and Angel stands still in place. To her surprise, she recognised Dave's face, but struggled to connect the dots, to figure out *why* it was that he was so familiar to her. Trying to approach her, Dave finds himself held at gunpoint by the escorting guards, until Angel steps out of the escort, gesturing the guards to lower their weapons. *// Obviously, more details than this are necessary, but that's why it's the finale. It's subject to change, but food for thought.*

## First Press: Chapter outline
*// This list will gradually be exported into [[ANGEL - Story]].*
In the rough outline, the perspectives swing between **Angel** going through not just the search of finding a suitable vessel for **Project Angel**, but also the procedure and eventual execution and rehabilitation of the project after choosing *herself* to be the vessel and recipient of the project, and between **Nils** and **Nova**, who are doing their best to create a living out of nothing together by picking up dangerous netrunning jobs to retrieve and whistleblow various means of data. Additionally, there might be a few chapters where the perspective changes into that of **Dave Mullan**, who is actively doing his best to stay up to date with Project Angel, even if time doesn't allow him to.
### HOPE
In this first group of chapters, multiple key points are explored and elaborated on. These are primarily:
- **VESSEL**, **CURTAIN CALL**: The **dispute** between **Angelina** and **Dave** regarding the vessel for **Project Angel**. This chapter may include a more broad explanation on the lead reasoning behind Project Angel in the first place, and is likely to extract the **August 10th** and **August 17th** logs in [[Internal Channels]]. 
- **PRESSURE**: [[REFRESH - Story]] as a whole, laying further focus on the connection between **Nils** and **Nova** following Nova's mission with **Vátnelári** and subsequent departure from said agency. This should give an explanation and insight on the type of missions they will go on together. (*// Which should also pave a way to include the (originally a) spin-off story including Nevo.*) and foreshadow the reason on why/how they acquire confidential **SOLARdawn** information in the first place.
- **Farewell, Angelina**: An insight on how **SOLARdawn** has reached their modern status, as well as the **Jákovy-Alexandrie scandal** and eventual merger with the latter pharmaceutical industry. This gives an explanation on why **Dave Mullan** is departing for the old Alexandrie Campus during the commencement of **Project Angel**.
### ANGEL
In this second group of chapters, tensions begin to arise and more foreshadowing takes place. These include:
- **BLACKOUT**: **Angel**'s rehabilitation and the progress over time, and **Francis Ezarea**'s interpretation of the progress that's happening to not just Angel herself, but also regarding other various projects within **SOLARdawn** (*// Which have yet to be further explored*). 
- **AMEND**: **Francis Ezarea**'s eventual decision to steer the originally created project into a **military** direction. This highlights the potential of the **Flame Heart** and also shines a light on **Vitaly Leremkov**'s research regarding the human genome, and the flaws that Angel *does not have*, which give her the upper hand in combat. Eventually, she is transported to **SOLARsec** after properly learning how to control her Flame Heart (Ultima power).
- **TARGET ACQUIRED**: The aforementioned **spin-off** with **Nevo** takes place in this group of chapters, too. However, considering there is still a small amount known about Nevo, this is *due to change*. More info regarding Nevo is yet to be developed, but the involvement of **Nils** and **Nova**, the latter attempting to eliminate Nevo, causes a ball to roll within **SOLARdawn**.
- **THE DEEP END**: Next to the previous mission, **Nils** and **Nova** get their hands on the first piece of confidential **SOLARdawn** info, causing more heads to turn within SOLARdawn itself. It doesn't take long before the two are caught, and **Nils** ends up captured and is brought to **Myrdiva**, where the ever-strengthening **Angel** has now been suited into her new role of **executioner** by **Francis Ezarea**. 
- **ANGELIC FATE**: [[KILLJOY - Story]] takes place within this group of chapters, finally connecting the two substories (Nils/Nova + Angel).
- **HEAVY RAINFALL WARNING** (*// External*): During **Killjoy**, **Gradient** breaches the **SOLARdawn** tower in the **Amadnésam campus**. This is (*Currently, presumably*) the reason that **Angel** does not get to complete **Nova**'s execution, and has to leave early to aid in the developing (*// like actually still developing as in this isn't finished yet*) situation in Amadnésam. Even though **Nova** is detained, the unaware director **Tizen** in **Myrdiva** sees that she has no remaining charges, and is let go of to be free once more.
### REMEMBER
**REMEMBER** is the last group of chapters, and acts as the story's climax and eventual finale. This is told through:
- **HEART SEEKER**: **Dave Mullan** completes his work in the **Alexandrie** campus, and is given a chance to return to **SOLARdawn**, where he immediately reaches out for a terminal to acquire information regarding **Project Angel**. This is where Dave learns that **Francis Ezarea** has led the project into a vastly different direction, leaving Dave wondering just whether or not **Angel** might remember him at all. Even so, with all dangers and risks involved, he sets off anyway in hopes to reach Angel, and get her to not just remember him, but also her life before becoming Project Angel's **vessel**.
- **A DANCE OF ELEMENTS**: Now on free feet, **Nova** is left by herself once more now that her partner **Nils** died at the hands of **Angel**. Even despite this, she made a promise to Nils posthumously that she would not let his death remain in vain, and she too, sets off to **SOLARdawn**'s campus to take revenge.
- **REMEMBER**: The finale, **"REMEMBER"**, extracts the above draft. **Dave Mullan** finds **Angel** in the middle of an escort at the **SOLARdawn** campus. The two lock eyes, and to Angel's own surprise, she does indeed recognise Dave, but struggles to figure out just why. (*// This, too, is currently a very rough draft. The proper details regarding this finale are yet to be worked out.*)
