# ANGEL - Story
**ANGEL** is a story that is in *active and early development*. While [[ANGEL - Outline]] serves as the outline for the story as a whole, this document will contain all chapters that will be written within the story.

The story is divided into **three acts**: 
- **HOPE**
- **ANGEL**
- **REMEMBER**

# ACT I - HOPE
## ONE - VESSEL
**August 10th, 2074** | **SOLARdawn Campus, Amadnésam** \
**Angelina Velana**, **Dave Mullan**
### Project Angel
"**Project Angel**" was its name. The ambitious and possibly groundbreaking project directed and led by the prestigious **Angelina Velana**. It had already been ten full years since she first walked through the doors of **SOLARdawn** in Amadnésam, with a smile from ear to ear, and a passion to become not just a staple, but a footing in the history of their development. With a short, but impactful history in the pharmaceutical industry, the spots opened up for her within SOLARdawn almost immediately, and before she even knew it, she had already been working there for over five whole years. But those years were filled to the brim with important research that she played part in. Across Amadnésam, the once-rivalling **Alexandrie Pharmaceuticals** found themselves in heavy weather, a scandal that had arisen between the insurance industry of **Jákovy** had led them trailing off a cliff, and they were ultimately forced to close their doors. But while theirs closed, SOLARdawn's opened, giving Angelina more room to develop herself in with the newfound additions of experienced researchers from Alexandrie, and the projects that she was gradually becoming more and more of an important asset in. 

Her increasing importance and skill levels allowed more pathways to open for her, leading further down the "grim" hallways of SOLARdawn and its more unethical research. After all, SOLARdawn was nothing more than the spiritual successor of what once was Palmer-Eden on Earth, and when they had been apprehended and kept under surveillance permanently after the escalated conflict in 2062, SOLARdawn was born, and the projects continued. And with the doors to the archives wide open, they were now for Angelina to see. She had gone through the remains of the Ultima project, which was once the pulse of Palmer-Eden that kept its ever-growing control over the US alive and well, but also the more recent projects. Within the archives, her eyes landed on Project Takeover, Project VIOLET, Project GRADIENT, the list seemed to continue almost endlessly. Whatever it had been that Palmer-Eden was once flourishing in underneath their pharmaceutical cloak, it seemed that their research had never reached an end. And now that Angelina was managing these projects, too, an itch began to grow in her mind. An itch to place a project on her own in these very archives, a consistent itch, no, a craving for more. While Dr. Leremkov was free to research and experiment on the human genome, mixing and matching DNA strains to create the "perfect being", Angelina herself felt that she was limited in not her capabilities, but also feeling limited under the ceiling that she was given to work within. But she refused to let that stop her, and in **2073**, the ball began to roll, and the project that she had dreamed to lead and conduct finally began to take shape. "**Project Angel**", was its name. 

Things refused to flourish quickly as soon as she laid Project Angel on the table, however. It was an incredibly ambitious project, but also one that was extremely risky. Not only did it take pages out of the books from the decades-old Ultima project, so did it work hand-in-hand with Dr. Leremkov's DNA project. On paper, Angelina would create a person that would be not just powerful in theory, but could provide an incredible headstart within the research going on within SOLARdawn, an "ultimate scientist". Despite her ambitions, the risk was simply too high for her to immediately fire off all cylinders, and she was asked to scale down the project to at least assess whether it was worth it to keep it around for in the future. If it were a success, it would only pave the way for her brainchild, her dream, to flourish further into the future. \
But the project required one vital component to truly bear its fruits: A person willing enough to sacrifice themselves to become the recipient of the Ultima organ, and the altered genome supplied by Dr. Leremkov, a person willing enough to become the vessel of the project. Day in, and day out, Angelina would go out of her way to ask every single person that walked through the halls of the Amadnésam Campus, handing out flyers, creating a survey through the internal communication channels. And yet, after six full months of trying, it was to no avail, nobody that she asked was willing enough. And in the end, only one option remained: Angelina would become the vessel of **Project Angel** herself.

Gently and carefully, the man placed a delicately textured orange box on the table which was littered with research papers. They were scattered all over the place, and it seemed like any sort of direction had been lost over time. The table wasn't dusty or abandoned, but rather messy and unorganised, and it did appear as if someone had been using the table until as early as this morning. The man was no other than **Dave Mullan**, a long-time colleague, and a close friend of Angelina, who had been talking and discussing the direction of Project Angel together for weeks on end. The two refused to agree with one another, and Dave himself especially abhorred the idea of Angelina sacrificing herself to take a risk as big as the one she was set to take within the foreseeable future. The papers that she had written regarding the research for Project Angel weren't flawed, in fact, they were almost spotless. Even the so-called "Elite Scientists" struggled to find any issues with the papers that Angelina had written, and were certain that the project would receive a go-ahead from whoever was managing her. Deflated, Dave sat down in his chair, and averting his eyes from Angelina sitting before him, he looked at the orange box that now stood to his right on the far end of the table. *"4C, please make a recording of this conversation."* He said to the box, and within a second, its control panel lit up in a dim green colour, and the camera whirred. If the box could nod in agreement, it would've, but the camera whirr alone told the two enough about the atmosphere that was now looming in the room. Angelina's face was filled with annoyance, and looking at the roll of film on the small display spinning, indicating its recording status, she sighed. **"Yeah, whatever, 4C, it won't change my stance whether you record it or not."** \
*"It's routine, sorry"* Dave replied, a slight hint of annoyance in his own voice as well. Even if he had done his best to convince Angelina otherwise about her decision to sacrifice herself to become the vessel for Project Angel, it still didn't sit right with him. But neither did it feel right to Angelina herself either. It had already been one year since she made the hardest decision of her life, effectively deciding to end it prematurely just to become the recipient of the Ultima organ, and yet, she had not moved a single metre forward since. Clearing his throat, Dave scraped together a series of papers stamped with SOLARdawn's logo at the top left. Even if he struggled to do so, he took a glance at 4C to his right, before looking Angelina directly in her eyes while reading off the first paper. *"We'll start at the very top. Dr. Velana, have you read through the terms, conditions, and clauses cited in your papers, and those you have received from SOLARdawn's internal circuit?"* \
**"Twice per day, during lunch and before bedtime. And each and every time I've agreed. Dave, is this really necessary? My stance has remained unchanged since September."** Angelina immediately replied, giving Dave no room to breathe or even process the question that he had just read out loud. Crossing her arms, she sighed deeply, her eyes veering back and forth between the papers held in Dave's hands, and Unit 4C, which was still recording their conversation. *"Let me phrase it differently.* Dave replied, having collected his words. Placing the sheets of papers and his pen back on the table, he looked Angelina directly into her eyes once more. His own expression betrayed him, however, a sense of worry and uncertainty on full display for her to see. *"Angelina, you understand that, if you go through with this, the person known as "Angelina Velana", will cease to exist, do you? Regardless of whether the project succeeds or fails, the person that you are right now, the person that I'm having this conversation with, will die."* He continued, his voice trembling slightly as he took various pauses between his words, struggling to find the correct words. \
In response, Angelina's own expression remained unchanged, and shying away from Dave, she instead took a hold of the sheets of verification papers that Dave had placed back on the table herself. Taking the pen, she skimmed through the seemingly endless list of verification checks, reading once more through the risks that were involved, the procedures that the project would be executed through, and the ultimate fate that she would face. And yet, she flew through the papers. The questions were the exact same as the ones she had read on the daily while waiting for the green light to flicker on, waiting for the doors for the projects to open, waiting for the inevitable day of her sacrifice. Angelina was fully aware of what not just Dave, but the rest of the staff and researchers at SOLARdawn were worried about, and yet, at the very bottom of each and every single page, she scribbled her signature. Finishing the twelfth and last page, she dropped the pen loudly on the table, pushing the stack of papers back towards Dave as their eyes met yet again. **"Does this answer you, Dave?"** She asked, her brows furrowing. *"I.. believe it does.."* He could only sigh back. His elbow was anchored on the table, his hand pressing against his forehead as he continued to stare at the signature at the very bottom of the page. His heart began to sting, his mind began to sting, before his eyes, it was all beginning to unfold. *"But, Angelina, even if you agree, I don't think Polaris would-"* \
**"Polaris has not once agreed with me, Dave, every paper that has the name "Velana" stamped on it is rejected!"** Angelina immediately scoffed back, the mere mention of the name "Polaris" already seemingly pushing her over the edge. Her hand was rested flat on the table, she had stood up from her chair out of anger, but did her best to stay calm and hold back from lashing out any further at her colleague. Taking a deep breath, she recomposed herself, and after exhaling deeply through her mouth, she continued. **"This project is separate from Polaris's wishes altogether. I could not care less what they have to say about it, it doesn't involve them in the slightest."** 

Dave was left shocked, and even if he were to bring up what was circling through his mind, he knew that it would not help Angelina's case any further. As much as he hated to admit it to himself, he wasn't able to convince her in the slightest about changing her stance, or changing anything regarding the project for that matter. She had been working full-time on Project Angel for over a year now, and right now, she was at the very doorstep of finally breaking through, finally stepping through what seemed to be an impenetrable wall in her research, finally being able to start the project that she had dreamed of every day, something she had envisioned from the very moment she had first walked through the doors of the Amadnésam campus almost a decade ago. Dave could only sigh in defeat, even if he was unable to convince her to change her mind, he didn't want to end their last weeks together with bad blood between the two either. *"I get it, forget that I mentioned Polaris altogether."* He said, his hand pressing against his forehead once more as his other took a folder from the far end of the table, handing it over to Angelina. *"This is from a few decades ago, back when PALMER-EDEN was still in service in Illinois."* He continued, his hands returning to rest in his lap once more. *"4C has analysed it and figured out that there have been no reported cases where Ultima and Leremkov have been mixed. It thinks it might hamper the project."* He finished, a worried smile appearing on his face while Angelina's eyes darted to the small, orange box that was still in the same spot at the opposing end of the table. In its centre, it had a camera lens the size of half its body, which was still continuously recording the conversation between the two researchers. Despite its looks and size, 4C was capable of much, much more when connected to a main terminal in one of the research halls. But raising her eyebrow, Angelina didn't think too much of the little robot's ideas regarding her project, and her eyes were quick to dart back to Dave's worries expression, away from the spinning camera. **"Have the old man Vitaly come into my office as soon as possible. I know he's in Amadnésam right now, and if this really is the last weak link, I will have it fixed and start immediately."** She said, her voice firm and direct. Her eyes were glimmering, and as if time froze, Dave could see the burning passion that hid within her eyes brighter than ever. But it didn't take long before the two broke their short-lasted stare, and Angelina quickly bundled up all the papers from the table and left only the signed verification papers on the table for Dave to bring to the project supervisor. Stepping up from her chair, Dave could only watch Angelina leave out of the room, shutting the door tightly behind her. On the now-empty table, he looked at the twelve papers that Angelina had left behind, and peeking through each and every single sheet, every checkbox appeared to be marked with "Agree", only cementing her fate as the vessel for Project Angel. He shook his head, and his hand travelled to his mouth in disbelief, his eyes remaining fixated on the signature at the bottom of each page. He stood there, lost in thought, for what felt like forever, but snapping back to his senses, he looked at the small orange box on the opposing end of the table. Looking into its rolling camera, the worried smile remained on his face the longer he stared straight ahead, slowly but surely catching himself falling back into his thoughts, drifting off into the distance while standing still. Memories began to float through his head, reminding him of all the research he had conducted with Angelina by his side, every hour, minute, second spent with her. The realisation now began to fully dawn upon him, and taking a deep breath to keep his mind at ease, he focused back on the orange box before him. *"4C, stop the recording."* He said, and immediately, a green light appeared on its small display. *// The recording has been saved. //* It chimed back happily, finally causing Dave to smile with less worries. No matter where Project Angel would bring Angelina, he was certain that each and every memory, be it good or bad, would never be forgotten by him.

## TWO - Curtain Call
**August 17th, 2074** | **SOLARdawn Campus, Amadnésam** \
**Angelina Velana**, **Dave Mullan**
### Taking the leap
With the push of a button, the sheets of paper disappeared into the scanner one by one, as if they were eaten up individually by the Terminal which Angelina was seated at. Her head was resting against her hand, her elbow pressing into the armrest, eagerly yet impatiently waiting for her paper to go through its routine analysis. But to her luck, it was the dependant **Unit 4C** that had been connected to this Terminal, and not even half a minute after the eight sheets of paper had been scanned and put nicely into a folder digitally, it had already generated a summary and analysis of the research paper. A smile appeared on Angelina's face after seeing the result. The last weak link, which 4C had originally warned her about just a week ago was now finally fixed, and submitting the paper to her supervisor, all she had to do was wait for the inevitable green light for Project Angel to commence. It had been a year of waiting that simultaneously flew by, and also took forever. Not a single metre of progress had been made, and all of the hours she had spent at the campus were simply to clock in and out, and meet her deadlines for other projects. But after all these hours of waiting, the light at the end of the dim tunnel finally seemed to draw closer. **"4C, please inform Dr. Mullan that I'd like to schedule a meeting with him as soon as he's ready."** Angelina said to 4C, who processed the request for less than a second, and promptly lit up the display in a gentle green tone, indicating success. *// Meeting scheduled. Dr. Mullan will be awaiting you in room N15-0.12 shortly. //* It said back, leaving Angelina's smile growing even wider. She couldn't help but hide her excitement. All her life she had been waiting for this moment, this very moment that her dream, her desire, her childhood wish would finally come true and flourish. After a decade of hard, endless work, her project would finally commence. She looked through the paper once more, reading through it carefully to admire her work yet again, before the scanner at her feet let go of the papers and sorted them nicely for Angelina to pick up. Taking a clip from her hair, she used it as a makeshift paperclip, and holding the bundle of papers in her left hand, she signed out of the Terminal and carefully ejected 4C from its docking bay. With a quiet chime, it informed Angelina that it was now in a portable mode, allowing her to essentially use its capabilities wherever she needed to. And she already knew where 4C would be used for. 

After a decent walk to the opposite end of the campus, Angelina knocked on the door that 4C had reserved for Dave and her to talk in. Hearing a quiet voice from inside, she promptly opened the door, her expression already betraying to Dave what she was going to tell her. **"I've brought good news~!"** She said cheerfully, smiling widely at Dave while carefully placing 4C on the desk once more, and sliding the stack of papers across the table, presenting them to her long-term friend and colleague. Dave struggled to match Angelina's energy, however, his gut feeling already setting the tone for the conversation that they'd have. Remaining quiet, he began to read through the papers. Both Angelina and Vitaly had their names presented up front, which meant that it was a direct response to 4C's analysis from a week ago, informing Angelina that the project might have a weak link or connection. Ultima and Leremkov had never been combined before, and it was a potential risk to go through with the project if this risk wasn't assessed and handled. And yet, already halfway through, Dave could read their exact response to 4C's analysis. There were no risks that showed during a simulation. **"4C, please make a recording of this conversation."** Angelina smiled at the small, orange box. It almost felt like 4C was mirroring Angelina's smile, as its camera whirred quietly and commenced the recording, the spinning roll of film appearing on its small status display once more. But it would stay quiet for a little while longer. Dave continued to read the papers carefully. Both Angelina and Vitaly had highlighted 4C's concerns regarding the connection of Ultima and the injection of Leremkov's altered genome in the same surgery. It believed that the immense stress that would take place on the vessel's body so soon after a heart surgery could lead to them being paralysed altogether. Holding a marker in his hand, he continued to go through every single page once more, keeping it at the ready to highlight any lines that still left him confused, or where he wanted to ask Angelina about, but reaching the last page once more, the marker remained unused. Defeated, he drops the sheets of paper back on the table, his hand raised and pressed against his forehead, struggling to process the reality of the situation now that it dawned upon him. 

*"I.. take it there's no way for me to convince you otherwise?"* Dave hesitantly asked, absentmindedly looking at Angelina's face, her smile having faded in favour of her more serious expression. **"None at all."** She replied firmly, her confidence and certainty prominently on display, as she looked at 4C once more, the roll of film still spinning. **"4C, you analysed the paper that Vitaly and I worked out. Did you find any flaws?"** She asked, a slight smile slowly but surely returning to her face, as the little orange box processed its reply. \
*// Indeed, I have analysed your paper. Compared to the previously shared paper, the flaws that I had found on your paper regarding Leremkov have been explored further, and I have not found any remaining flaws requiring attention. I am not authorised to, but were I able to, I would grant this project a green light. //* \
Angelina's smile grew wider as her eyes darted back to Dave's own worried face, who seemed to be deeply lost in thought. **See? Even 4C agrees. The rehab process is laid out for the first year onwards, the Flame Heart is ready, and Vitaly is ready for his part of the operation too. Philippe will monitor me closely for the first month, too. Dave, why are you holding me back still?** \
*"It doesn't sit easy with me, Angelina."* Dave sighed, his hand still pressed against his head, his elbow digging into the table. *"This is essentially the last time we'll talk. The very next time I will.. have a conversation with you.. you will not be the Angelina that I've known for the past ten years."* He continued, his face now buried in his hands after he finished speaking, struggling mentally, emotionally, to deal with the reality of watching someone willingly step forward into what felt like their imminent death. Even if it were for research, it didn't sit easy with him that the prestigious researcher, Dr. Angelina Velana, who he had known for ten years, who he had shared the highs and lows of his live with, would now offer herself for a project that wasn't even guaranteed to result in a success. *"Did it.. really have to be you to be the vessel?"* \
**"Nobody else was willing, and I've searched day and night for half a year."** Angelina scoffed, her brows furrowing now that Dave was returning to the topic of the conversation of just a week ago. **"Dave, nothing is going to change my mind. If you have nothing notable worth saying anymore, I'll go and check in with Francis for the planning of the operation."** She continued, already beginning to scramble together her papers while constantly keeping an eye on 4C's rolling camera. With a lump in his throat, Dave found himself unable to respond, struggling to find the words, or a single word at all. But instead, he could only nod slowly, only able to watch his dear friend step up from her chair with papers and folders in hand. \
**"Dave."** She began, a feint smile smile appearing on her face as the two locked eyes for one last time. But her smile didn't last long, nor did the stare, as Angelina's eyes darted to 4C's rolling camera. **"4C, stop the recording in ten seconds."** She began, her smile having been exchanged for a worried look on her own face. Tears were beginning to dwell up in her eyes, but she did her best to keep strong, to not let them assume control over her emotions. She refused to let their last met end on a bad note like this. **"Dave, I'm sorry."** She began, before she turned around to face the door. Taking a deep breath, she regained the strength and confidence to finish what she had started all these years ago. The visions of her past self, the dreams of her future self, the wish to have the project flourish, and become a reality. It was merely a week away, and now that it was this close, even if the toughest of decisions had yet to be made, she refused to take a single step back. **"The odds are low, but never zero."** She continued, pressing the papers tightly against her chest as her eyes drew to the floor. **"I hope my amnesia won't be as severe as expected. I.. hope I'll remember you, Dave, I hope I will.."** She continued, interrupted by 4C's chime that indicated that the recording had ended. With a quiet sniff, she looked over her shoulder once more, her worried expression matching that of Dave himself, before she took the last steps forward, reaching the door, and opening it slowly and carefully. For her, the future was now, and even if it would mean she wouldn't be there to witness it herself, she could only remain hopeful that someway, somehow, she would be lucky enough to remember. To remember everything that had happened in the past, and to remember everything that was to be ahead of her. 

## THREE - Under the Knife
**August 23rd, 2074** | **SOLARdawn Medical Centre, Amadnésam** \
**Angelina Velana**
### A Flame Heart
Extracts [[Internal Channels#Activity log in operation room, monitored by Unit 4C in Terminal SR-E1 - August 23rd, 2074]]. Additionally, this should give more insight on the **Flame Heart**, its origins, and **Leremkov**'s involvement and own research regarding the human genome.
## FOUR - Farewell, Angelina
**October 2nd, 2074** |  **SOLARdawn Campus, Amadnésam** \
**Dave Mullan** 
### Farewell, Angelina
Extracts [[Internal Channels#Interaction log between Dave and 4C, generated by Unit 4C - October 2nd, 2074]]. 
## FIVE - REFRESH - Addendum
**December 2075** | **Álef city cluster**\* (*// Subject to change*) \
**Nils Lorieux**, **Nova** \
Extracts [[REFRESH - Story]] (*// Unfinished*) to an extent. **Nils** and **Nova** meet, and pick up arms together, but how will this ultimately lead them to their new routine, and eventual involvement in trading **SOLARdawn** secrets without knowing?

# ACT II - ANGEL
## SIX - BLACKOUT
**August 24th, 2074** | **SOLARdawn Medical Centre, Amadnésam** \
**Angel**
### Hello, Angel
**Rough**: Following the operation, **Angel** wakes up in the Medical Centre under supervision of **Dr. Philippe Merrent**. Despite Angelina's hopefulness about the amnesia being not as bad as expected, it was to no avail, and the operation has indeed essentially given Angel a clean sheet. She doesn't know where she is, or what happened before she woke up. She mentions the lack of dreams, but odd, scattered memories that she couldn't pinpoint exactly. To Philippe, however, this result was expected, and gradually, Angel slowly adjusts to herself, adjusting to her complete memory loss.
### Hello, Angel
## SIX - BLACKOUT
A strange, waning void, she saw before her eyes. Her senses had been gone for what felt like months, but gradually, they were finally beginning to return. Feeling like she had been floating in the vast deepness of space, it wasn't much longer before she felt like she was returning to the surface once more, returning to her home soil yet again. And yet, every single inch of her body stung, pressed by thousands, millions of tiny needles, putting her nerves not just on the edge, but almost forcing her over. She had felt deaf for the past minutes as she slowly woke up, her ears felt almost disconnected from her head, and yet, although muffled, she could recognise the distant sounds of bubbles, of a fan whirring above her, beside her. In fact, it belonged to an oxygen tank, that connected all the way to her nose, supplying her with pure oxygen to help her breathe during her recovery. By now, almost ten minutes had passed, and the void that she had been staring at ever since she remembered being fast asleep was now reaching its end. She was gazing at the planet, and the light at the end of the tunnel seemed to approach her at an alarming speed. The green and blue glow that made Lúniks stand out within her solar system, reminiscent of the view that astronauts had over Earth many, many decades back. And still, she was approaching it rapidly, descending onto the planet, falling like a comet into the light at the end of the tunnel that now seemed to be just a blink away.

And a blink it was, followed by many, many more, as her eyes adjusted to the bright lights in the post-surgery room that she was within. Her eyesight remained blurry, but she at least got the first glimpse of her whereabouts, and to her surprise, all of it felt like routine. *"There you are.."* A voice smiled from the distance, but she wasn't able to pin down who it belonged to. In fact, she struggled to pin down anything, or even connect two dots together at all. It made sense to her that she was in a medical centre, especially considering the state of her body, the state of her mind, and the consistent pain that was tickling all over her body. But more than that refused to surface in her mind. Her eyes darted around the room, but she couldn't see much further than the ceiling, realising that she was laying flat on her back, unable to move much further than what she had already tried. Although muffled, she could hear the sound of plastic wheels roll on the floor, and trying to look forward, she could only see and hear the scientist approach her. Even so, she didn't feel a single hint of danger, and instead, was only thankful that someone shared the room with her at *all*. Quietly and carefully, she could hear the buzzing of the electric motor underneath her bed, and soon after, her bed rose up slightly, allowing her to look forward more properly as the mattress folded upwards at her head, becoming more akin to a lounge chair rather than a bed. *"Good morning, Angel."* The scientist before her spoke, but she didn't find herself able to reply just yet, only able to mirror the smile that was on his face. *"You're adapting excellently so far, Angel."* He continued, taking a hold of the sheet of paper that had been resting in his lap. Pushing up his glasses, he read from the top to the bottom, going through the standardised checklist of post-surgery patients to check whether or not they remembered anything from before the operation. *"To start, am I familiar to you, in any fashion? Do you remember my name, first or last?"* he asked, looking Angel directly in her eyes. But even with her eyesight still slightly blurry, she did her best to get his face properly in focus, and ultimately failing to, she shook her head slowly. *"Okay.."* He mumbled to himself, scribbling off the first question atop of the list. *"In that case, I'm Dr. Philippe Merrent, your personal supervisor for your recovery."* He continued, the smile remaining prominent on his face, still giving Angel a comfortable feeling, even if he was nothing but a complete stranger to her in this very moment. *"Then, do you remember why you're in this recovery bed?"* He asked, and once more, Angel could only shake her head. Whatever questions were to follow, she would shake her head, over and over again. Every question only taught her something new, something that she appeared to have forgotten, but in fact didn't know to begin with. Her name was Angel, which Philippe had explained to her as he unfolded a thick notebook from under the desk he was previously sitting at. But more information than that he wouldn't give. *"Does the name, Angelina Velana, or SOLARdawn ring a bell in your mind, Angel?"* Philippe asked, having reached the end of his checklist. Taking a deep breath through her mouth, Angel's head stung for a moment, but once more, no answer wanted to surface, and keeping her mouth open, she finally felt able to speak, a quiet **"No.."** exiting her lips. Grunting quietly, Philippe scribbled on his notepad once more, but Angel couldn't pin down what was being written. She could only imagine what it was, and before she was able to connect the dots, the friendly doctor at her bedside already answered her. *"In simple words, Angel, you have severe amnesia, meaning you've forgotten everything from before the operation."* he began, closing the booklet that he had been writing in and now staring directly into her own eyes. *"But that's fine, it's nothing to worry about. I'll be there to help you pick up your pace from step one once more, that's what I'm here for."* He smiled, his hand resting on Angel's right arm at her bedside. Only now, Angel could hear more sounds begin to pick up in the room she was in. The shirring fan remained prominent, being right beside her, but the beeping of a heart rate monitor also became apparent, as well as the distant chatter from the hallways, the quiet rustle of the wind outside. Her head continued to sting more now that the anaesthesia was beginning to wear out, but recognising this, Philippe had already prepared a simple aspirin for her, smiling widely. *"This will ease your headache for a while, Angel, take your time to rest up now, you've had a long day behind you."* He smiled, his chair rolling away from Angel's bed once more, placing the booklet he had been holding back at his desk. *"I'll be away for a moment to check in on another patient, but should you need help, there's a button next to you that you can press, and someone will almost immediately be there for you. Rest up now, Angel, one step at a time."* He smiled, his eyes locking with Angel's, before he picked up a single sheet of paper and stood up from his chair, onto his next destination. Watching him leave the room, Angel sighed deeply, taking the glass of water on her nightstand and swallowing the aspirin quickly, hoping its effects wouldn't take too long to kick in as her headache was feeling like it was worsening with the second. Exhaling deeply once more after swallowing, she placed the glass back on the nightstand, and her head sank back into the pillow, followed by her closing her eyes almost automatically. *"Rest up, Angel."* Philippe had instructed her plenty of times, and with her breaths gradually getting deeper, she felt her aching mind slowly fall back into that waning void, back into her strange land of dreams, back into tranquility and ease of mind.
### A new everyday


## SEVEN - TARGET ACQUIRED
**July 10th, 2076** | **Myddliva** \
**Nova**
### A friend in need
**Rough**: The plan appeared to be simple. **Sierra**, originally Nova's contractor at **Vátnelári**, has allowed Nils and Nova an opportunity at a way to get intel on a person of interest. While Nils is reluctant on eliminating a target instead of just harvesting data through hacking or netrunning, Nova's fingers itch to rest her hand on a trigger once more, and she sets off to **Myddliva**, where **Sierra** has figured out a route that their target might be at. 
### Dirty Hands
Extracts the previously written [Nevo x Nova spinoff](https://discord.com/channels/631018100707295232/631394778776469514/1275910854725992458). However, this will need to be transcribed back into text and properly adjusted. \
**Rough**: **Sierra**'s target is revealed to be **Nevo**, an artificially created swordsman with inhuman reaction speeds. (*// The link is most likely to be that Nevo, too, is created by SOLARdawn through "Project NERVE". His sword is connected to his nervous system through his wrist, allowing him to interact with them with incredible speeds.*) Lining up, and taking the shot, she can only watch her target deflect the bullet and disappear out of sight in a flash. Trying to flee, Nevo is already awaiting her at the door on the roof, interrogating her. (*// Rough: Does Nevo reveal his identity, or will he stay a mystery to Nova? Most likely: Nevo will tell his name and origin, revealing to Nova (And thus Nils) that the two have come in contact with SOLARdawn. Written in spinoff: "Don't try going after me again if you know what's good for you." This should be a first warning to Nova and Nils to keep their hands out of SOLARdawn's projects, but considering KILLJOY is yet to take place, they will not heed this warning.*)
## EIGHT - AMEND
**August 23rd, 2075** | **SOLARdawn Campus, Amadnésam** \
**Angel**
### A Burning Heart
**Rough**: During her rehabilitation period, **Angel** returns to the work that **Angelina** once did to pick the ropes back up according to Angelina's **own planning**. With a focus on power generation and research that require *excessive heat generation*, Angel's **Flame Heart** finds excellent usage and slowly but surely, her memories appear to be returning one at a time. 
### Sorry, Angelina
**Dr. Francis Ezarea**, the doctor that carried out the **Flame Heart transplant** exactly one year ago on this day, saw more than just research potential within **Angel**, and in agreement with Angel (*// Who is unbeknownst to what Francis is planning to do with her*) decided to change her original staff (*// Rough: The staff helps keep the Flame Heart stable and its power low, meaning it can't lost control and risk burning the campus down*) into a weapon: An intricately designed spear. Angel herself has never read the procedures that Angelina had laid out for her for her rehab period, and simply followed whatever it was that Francis would tell her. If he steered her into the direction of becoming more akin to a *weapon* rather than a prestigious *researcher*, Angel herself would believe it was the right thing to do so, because she didn't know any better. This malicious idea remained circling in Francis's mind for over a month already, but on **August 23rd**, Angel is displaced into **SOLARsec Myrdiva**, joining the likes of the **SOLARsec Elite**, and slowly but surely, the spear begins to bleed red.
## NINE - THE DEEP END
**September 19th** | **Amadnésam** \
**Nils Lorieux**, **Nova** 
### Deep pockets, deep secrets
**Rough**: **Nils** and **Nova** receive a tip from **Sierra**, who has been a major helping hand in giving opportunities and missions to the dream duo. Having found a point of interest that might be vital to finding information that would sell for incredible prices on the black market, Nils and Nova set off to an abandoned research tower in **Amadnésam**. To their surprise, they don't find anyone guarding the place, even heeding Sierra's warnings. Unbeknownst to them, after finding documents directly related to **SOLARdawn**'s ongoing **4C** and **VIOLET** projects, they trip a silent alarm that immediately informs **SOLARsec** about the intrusion of their (What was believed to be) abandoned research tower. It doesn't take long before Nils and Nova make their way out of the tower, but to their surprise, are met with force.
### Hindsight
In hindsight, Nils knows that it would've been better for the two of them to stay out of dangerous missions after **Nevo**'s warning to **Nova** a few months prior. Even so, the two continued diving deeper into the unknown, and while Nova was able to escape, Nils is detained and carried away to **Myrdiva**, where his fate is decided by **Angel**.
## TEN - ANGELIC FATE
**September 21st** | **SOLARsec, division Myrdiva** 
### Your days, numbered
The atmosphere in the room that Nils found himself in felt tense, and oddly warm yet cold at the same time. The air felt stuffy, yet full at once. Feeling like he was struggling to breathe, so did he feel like there was an overflow of pure oxygen in the very room he was in. And yet, he felt blind. With eyes wide open, all he could see was a black mass in front of his eyes, with shimmers of light piercing the cloth placed over his head. The reason the air felt stuffy now became clear to him. He was constantly cycling through his own breaths. Something was wrapped tightly around his neck, leaving him breathing more roughly than normal. But it didn't take long before a figure presented himself behind him, and tapping his shoulders twice with their hands, they remained quiet as the pressure around Nils's neck was relieved, the cord loosening ever so slightly to allow him to breathe a bit more comfortably. But within a matter of seconds, he felt the figure's hands move and press upwards, tracing his neck, ears, and scalp, before firmly gripping the cloth at the very top and pulling it off in a swift motion. In total surprise, Nils closes his eyes immediately to prevent being blinded by the bright light that had been hiding behind the cloth.

It didn't take long for Nils to adjust to the brightness of the room he found himself in, but to his surprise, he did start to feel pressure around his wrists, and blinking a few times to adjust to the lights, he was quick to find out where he now found himself in. Before him was a generously-dressed woman, sitting behind a luxurious desk akin to what the President of Thórirsant had in his office. Behind her rough, wavy white hair was a bookshelf that was decorated by a coat of arms right behind her back, and while the emblem itself was hidden behind the woman before him, he could pick out the wings of an angel at the bottom of the coat, almost making it look like they belonged to the mysterious woman at the opposite end of the desk. On the contrary, Nils himself found himself stuck in more of a budget chair, with his wrists strapped firmly to the backrest of the chair, not allowing him to move at all, and looking around him, the remaining walls of the door were simply glass windows, stretching out into a grass field that led almost infinitely into the distance. But to Nils's surprise, he couldn't spot anything much further into the distance. No trees, no fields of flowers, not even an elevation change or a shack. He was being surrounded by the very same men dressed in black that had brought him here, keeping watch over him to prevent any sudden actions taken by him. Nils exhaled quietly, and turned back around to face the woman before him, who continuously kept the same expression: A neutral stare deeply into Nils's soul. Her appearance left him with more mysteries than answers. Her eyes seemed to be almost inhumanly bright, bright turquoise irises decorated by generous eyelashes and eyebrows, and that wasn't even mentioning the enormous fox ears at the very top of her head, the tip of the spear to her long, white hair. 

Nils's heart sank to his chest in fear the very second he saw her open her mouth, hoping to hear answers about where he had been transported to, but bracing himself to hear the exact opposite as well. **"Nils Lorieux."** She began. Her voice was fairly monotone, and didn't have any emotion sprinkled between her words. She sounded extremely professional, which crossed off many checkboxes in Nils's head immediately. Whatever it was, he had messed up somewhere in one of his previous missions, and now seemed to be on the receiving end of whatever reprimand that would follow. **"Are you aware of the reason I have had you brought here?"** \
Nils immediately shook his head, and looking around him, he felt multiple pairs of eyes stare directly into his soul, leaving burn marks on his mind with their faces hidden behind a mask and tinted glasses. *"I do not know, madam."* Nils replied, a hint of defeat in his voice. He was tied up to his chair, overseen by at least 5 men, and the woman before him was giving him the shivers as well. No matter how hard he would try to come up with an escape plan, it would be struck down immediately. As much as he hated to admit it, he was well and truly pushed into a corner in this moment. *"If I may ask, what is the reason?"* \
To Nils's surprise, a slight smile appeared on the woman's face behind the desk, leaving him only more afraid of what she would have to say. But instead, the smile faded almost immediately, and shaking her head slowly, she began to explain the reason for Nils's surprise stay in this cubicle. **"Nils Lorieux, you have simply trespassed where you shouldn't have. You learned something that was to be kept secret, and instead of turning back to correct your errors, you instead shared that knowledge with others, simply for your own benefit. You were aware of all risks involved, and yet, you marched forward."** She said, the monotone voice disappearing near the end as a smile began to appear on her face at the very end. She seemed to be enjoying this, and that thought alone left Nils more fearful of what was to come. **"I hope this does not come as a surprise to you."** She continued, her brows furrowing slightly as her eyes now stared directly at Nils's own as well, completing the circle of eyes staring deeply into Nils's soul. **"Your debts do not interest me, Nils Lorieux. The price is your life."** 

Nils felt his heart simultaneously jump into his throat, and sink to his feet. Whatever he had been fearing, whatever it had been that he was expecting her to say, a death penalty wasn't on his mind in the slightest. And yet, the look in her eyes told him enough. Whoever she was, it wasn't a joke. Nils's life was on the line. His heart skipped a beat as he saw the woman stand up from her chair, now towering well above him even from across the desk. It allowed Nils to get a more proper look at the woman's outfit, but it left him with many more questions that he wasn't sure he would have the opportunity to to have them answered. She was wearing what seemed to be a traditionally Thórirsantic robe, decorated by a fur collar. But to Nils's horror, it seemed to be stained by blood. *"M-may I ask.."* Nils spurted out, his eyes open wide, his voice shaky from fear. Images were through his mind, presenting him his past. His life with his parents, and him waving them goodbye before their return to France, the very last time he had seen them all those years ago. He saw his Agency's members before his very eyes, as if he were hallucinating. Raléi stood before him, next to Omáti, and Maria. And yet, one by one, they faded away. Raléi had been killed, Omáti had died, and for all he knew, Maria would've been killed too on her way to Jóthul. From the four prestigious members of the Agency, he was the last one to stand. And yet, here he was, seated and strapped to a chair, about to be the last member to fall. *"Madam, I'd like to hear my executioner's name."* \
A quiet chuckle came from the woman before him, followed by a wide smile. \
**"My name is irrelevant to you, Nils."** She smiled, stepping away from the desk to make her way towards Nils himself. But to his horror, he saw her take a generously decorated spear from the wall, holding it firmly in her left hand before she suddenly stood before Nils. The coat of arms remained clearly visible right behind her, and its wings remained prominent, seemingly sprouting from her waist as she towered above him. **"But for your remaining minutes, you may refer to me as an Angel. Tell me, do you prefer heaven or hell? I will personally bring you there."** 

Nils felt his throat clog up, and staring up at Angel, his eyes drifted towards the spear. The tip was sharp, and looked like it would easily pierce right through his chest. And to his horror, it seemed like it had done so many, many times before. The tip had been stained in a deep, crimson red, trailing and seeping down the shaft. It was decorated by various means of fur, of traditional Thórirsantic charms, and other ritualistic attributes. Nils kept quiet, his mind simply didn't give him the opportunity to reply. He was shellshocked at the sight before him, the realisation of the situation that was unfolding before his very eyes, the ritual that he was about to be a part of. His days were numbered, no, his minutes were. The light in the cubicle had dimmed over time, the sun seemed to be setting, and the clouds had made their appearance, increasingly tensing up the atmosphere of the room which felt like it was growing smaller with each breath. All  that were fixated on him burnt into his skin, through his clothing, into his soul. \
*"Heaven."* Nils managed to whisper out, fighting through his nerves, fighting for his life. If this was really the end for him, he wouldn't let his last opportunity to receive a good end go to waste. Angel gave him the shivers, but the voice inside his head told him that she was only doing this because she was told to. But that thought didn't last too long. **"Shame."** She began, the distance between the two growing as she lifted her spear up. Its shaft began to emit a mysterious glow, and with the room now darkening almost completely, the light outside had become night, and it had begun storming. The only light that would illuminate the room, was the tip of the spear, which ignited to create a furiously waving flame. **"Your actions will lead you to hell."** She continued, and in a slow motion, the spear now moved forward, held perfectly straight in place horizontally, a mere metre away from Nils's face, as the flame's heat started to cause sweat to trickle down from his forehead. His eyes were fixated on the flame, the burning tip of the spear. Within a matter of seconds, he knew that it would pierce straight through his chest, igniting him internally and externally, leaving him no time to breathe, no time to live. **"Apologies are futile, Nils."** Angel interrupted, placing a barricade in his thought process before Nils even knew where it was heading. This woman was getting increasingly mysterious, and he struggled to figure out just why. 

A loud crash suddenly filled the room, and glancing to his right, Nils saw the familiar face of Nova appear behind the door. The outside view had been a simulation, and it seemed to be merely a set of displays that were interrupted by Nova opening the door behind them. She was wielding a rifle, and Nils's eyes opened wide. It was trained on Angel, who didn't seem to be dazed by the interruption at all. In a matter of seconds, the flame began to dwindle, and a loud gunshot echoed through the room, the muzzle flash of the rifle illuminating the corner in the room. Somehow, Nova had found her way towards the room Nils found himself transported to, and had come in at the exact right time. But his hopes remained short. To his surprise and horror, Angel seemed to have expected this outcome. Clenching her left hand into a fist, she lifted it up into the air, followed by a wall summoning upwards to her left, blocking the bullet as if it was nothing. The flame on the spear disappeared, leaving darkness filling the room completely. But even so, Angel's eyes continued to stare deeply into Nils's soul, illuminated ever so slightly in the darkness. Her brows furrowed, and the retrieved the spear, now holding it firmly against the floor while keeping her left fist clenched and held upwards to keep the summoned wall raised. **"A shame, our killjoy is here."**
### An execution, interrupted
In a matter of seconds, the guards surrounding Nils revealed their pistols, and immediately trained them onto the young woman that had just breached through what seemed to be the glass walls of the grass fields outside. It only left Nils wondering more. This room hadn't been real from the very start, and had been a simulation from the very moment he was brought here. And yet, the atmosphere tensed up perfectly with the weather that was being presented outside. The grass fields weren't endless after all, but it still left Nils confused about his whereabouts. \
With another fierce press of the bottom of the spear against the tiled floor, Angel didn't appear to be dazed by the situation as it unfolded at all. She had a mission to complete. She had a person to execute, and she wouldn't let anything delay it any further than necessary. In a matter of seconds, the tip of the spear ignited once more, waving furiously as Angel lowered the spear back towards Nils's chest, slowly turning her head to stare deeply into Nova's eyes. **"Young lady, have you any last words for your partner?"** She asked Nova, who was stunlocked in place with horror in her eyes.  Just like Nils was the very first time he saw the spear taken and ignited, she could only watch in awe, and in realisation of what was to come next. Before long, Nova lowered her rifle, and the wall that was separating the two white-haired women quickly fell as a result. Nova could only stare as the spear that was held before Nils's chest, and opening her mouth, she too fell short on words she could say to even describe the situation. Nils had been anything but a lifelong partner, a lifelong friend, and it hadn't even been a year since the two had met in the first place. And yet, she was about to witness him being reduced to nothing but ash in a matter of moments. **"You two are alike."** Angel smiled, her illuminated and fiery eyes now returning to Nils's own, engaging a stare that reached deep into his own core. **"The torch passes to you. Have you any last words?"**

The fire at the tip of the spear continued to inch ever closer to Nils's skin, evaporating each and every drop of sweat that was rolling down from his face. The heat was beginning to tear away at his mind, leaving him lost in thought for longer than usual. But Nils wasn't ready to give up just yet. His own eyes became fiery, too, matching the gaze that Angel was holding towards his own face past the flames of the spear. *"Tell me, Angel, before I die."* He began, a troubled, angry, yet defeated expression on his face. The fact that she could ignite a spear at free will already left him yearning for answers, the fact she managed to summon a wall between herself and a rapidly approaching bullet left him seeking for more explanations to the situation that he was in the midst of. No matter what went through his head, any call for action that came across his mind would fail to flourish, and only lead to Nova losing her life too. Nils's death was unavoidable, and with that in mind, he gained the confidence to complete his question. *"Who-.. **what** are you..?"* \
Angel's brows remained furrowed, her gaze unchanged. The spear began to burn away the shirt that Nils was wearing, slowly and surely creating a fire from within himself. **"A complete dictionary of words you could have said, and yet, you chose these."** She scoffed, her spear remaining stationary in position, beginning to peel away the skin on Nils's chin. **"I am SOLARdawn's Angel, executioner, and experiment. More you do not need to know."** She continued, the monotone yet angry tone in her voice more prominent than ever before. The spear retracted slightly, and she moved her left hand to hold the spear as well, holding it more firmly in place. Nils's heart skipped a beat, one of the last remaining heartbeats that he would have in his life. He fully knew that the next move for the spear would be a fast lunge forward, which would strike and pierce straight through his chest. He didn't know what kind of fire was decorating the spearhead, but the only thing he could do was pray that it would be quick, and relatively painless. 

Nova could only stare in horror as Angel retracted her spear further, a menacing smile on her face. **"Nils Lorieux, I applaud your performance."** She grinned, the flame at the tip of the spear sparking and waving wildly, seemingly out of control altogether. **"But today, your curtain falls."** \
In an immediate motion, Angel's spear darted forward in the blink of an eye, cleanly piercing straight through Nils's chest and igniting not just his clothes, but the rest of his body too. Nova dropped her rifle to the floor in sheer horror, in sheer disbelief that her partner had just lost his life before her very eyes in a fraction of a second. She struggled to find the words to describe the situation, the words to describe anything that she was seeing for that matter. She could only stare and behold, and witness Nils's body be reduced to nothing more than ashes on the tiled floor beneath him. 

Time took forever to pass, and after Nils's body, the wooden chair was next to burn, crackling loudly as its backrest and legs collapsed to the floor. Nova could only stare, her hand pressed firmly against her mouth, her eyes open wide and her breathing unsteady and rapid. She was hyperventilating, and to her horror, Angel turned around to face her, the deadly gaze that she was giving Nils now being passed onto her very own eyes. **"Young lady, I assume you know what happens next?"** She said with an almost psychotic smile on her face. She seemed to deeply enjoy being an executioner, and she seemed to love her spear a little too much. But Nova was fully aware that if she wouldn't take action, she was next to be on the receiving end of the ignited spear. While lost in thought, two guards had made their way behind her, holding her arms in place to prevent her from making any sudden movements or take any unforeseen actions. **"Your gut feeling is correct, you are to be next."** Angel smiled, not breaking the stare with Nova, her bright turquoise eyes now burning into her own soul instead of Nils's. 

With a quiet gesture, the guards holding Nova in place nodded and moved her towards the centre of the room. The panels displaying the endless grass field outside were still almost pitch black, tensing up the atmosphere as Nova's heart began to pound in her chest. She knew that even if she tried to wiggle herself free from the grip of these guards, there would still be a handful waiting for her next move, and they wouldn't hold back emptying a pistol's magazine into her body. And even if the guards would miraculously miss every shot, there was still Angel to get past too, who seemed to be in complete control of not just the room, but also Nova's own mind, interrupting her thoughts no matter where they were going towards. Unlike Nils, there was no chair for her to sit down into, the previous one having been burnt down and being mixed with Nils's own remains in ash. The tempo of Nova's execution was much higher than the previous one, and Angel couldn't be bothered to have a chair come into the room either. The ritual had already been disturbed when Nova barged into the room before Nils was killed, so there was no reason left for her to begin anew from the very start. 

*"I'm sorry to disturb!"* A voice suddenly called from the distance, and with every pair of eyes turning to the direction of where the voice had come from, a well-dressed man made his appearance into the room from the same door that Nova had come through from. In a swift motion, Angel broke the stare with Nova and turned around to face the man that had disturbed the imminent execution once more. *"Angel, Amadnésam requires you at haste. The situation is dire, HDEATH has been deployed."* He continued, a slight hint of nervousness in his voice as Angel's fiery eyes looked directly at him, catching him off guard. But with just a few blinks, her eyes seemed to return to normal, the bright glow disappearing as her eyes traced back to Nova, who was standing still in place in horror, hoping that her execution wouldn't be accelerated. **"It's your lucky day, young lady."** She smiled, holding her spear away from Nova, and now gripping it firmly in her wrist. **"Have her detained and kept here until further notice."** She informed the guards that were holding Nova firmly in place, her smile having immediately faded as her brows furrowed. But before she stepped away out of the room in a hurry to follow the messenger, her eyes ignited once more, the psychotic smile returning as she closed the distance between herself and Nova, whispering into her delicate ears on top of her head. **"Don't you worry, lady Mikkë, when the time comes, I will make sure your death will be slow and painful."** She whispered, riling up fear in every inch of Nova's skin as the images of Nils's ignited body flashed before her once more. In a matter of seconds, she felt her hands pressed into cuffs, held tightly in place, but the horrors in her mind refused to fade at all. Angel hadn't just called her by her codename, she had somehow gotten her family name correct as well, which only left her more confused and fearful than relieved that her death wouldn't be today. With the horrors and questions endlessly cycling through her mind, the walls that once displayed the grass fields turned off, becoming nothing more than dimmed floodlights as Angel made her leave from the room. The puzzles remained scattered in her mind, the images and scenes of Nils's execution fresh in her head. He was one of many to get brutally killed this way, for reasons that Nova herself couldn't even understand. And yet, she was to be next on the chopping board, followed by many, many more people after her. A push in her back reawakened her, and before long, the room was emptied and Nova was carried towards her detention cell, where she was to stay until the fateful day of her death.
### A puzzle, scattered
In, and out, the air would flow into her lungs, and back out. 128, 129, 130, 131. Nova continued to count her breaths as time progressed ever so slowly, doing her best to isolate the haunting memories of the scenes she had witnessed before her eyes no longer than an hour ago. But to no avail, the count reset, and Nova's hands found their way to cover her face yet again. Time and time again, she tried to go over every single event that she and Nils had gone through together, every mission they had embarked on, every piece of data that they had extracted and handed over to the next party involved. And somehow, someway, they had been caught in broad daylight, and had only been apprehended now. But everywhere her trail of thoughts carried her, it would always end up at the same final page, where Angel pierced her burning spear straight through Nils's chest. The thought alone stirred her up deep in her core, turning her stomach, fully aware that it wouldn't last much longer before she herself would be on the receiving end of the very same spear too. But the questions didn't end there. Closing her eyes, her mind focused on the executioner, "The Angel" herself. She called herself "SOLARdawn's Angel", which left Nova confused enough already, but the term "experiment" left her much further off the deep end. Angel herself referred to herself as an experiment, but what kind of experiments was she a part of? Nova's head began to sting, the pieces of the puzzles struggled to form deep in her mind. Every image, every frame was blurry. She once more went through every document that she had held in her hands since she departed from Vátnelári almost a year ago, but nothing seemed to line up, nothing seemed to make sense to her. What could it possibly have been that warranted a death sentence from the company itself?

**"Lady Nova."** A man's voice called for her after a knock on her cell's door, snapping her out of her thought process as she felt her body completely relax once more. Her trance was broken completely in just the blink of an eye, and resting against the wall while seated on her bed, the doorknob turned and the man presented himself. **"I'm sorry to interrupt, my name is director Tizen, I have some information to share with you about your case."** He continued. Nova's eyes traced the director's body from head to toe. He was completely suited up, and seemed extremely professional too. His tone of voice calmed her down to her surprise, and it gave her the confidence that he had no ill intents whatsoever. He was holding a folder in his left hand, which seemed to be packed to the brim with smaller folders and papers. *"All all those papers related to me?"* Nova asked, stepping forward in her turn while Tizen made his way into Nova's cell, shaking his head and smiling widely, his beard and moustache following the contours of his smile. **"Just this one."** He laughed, opening the folder and taking out a single sheet of paper, stamped with the SOLARsec name at the very top of the document. **"I've come to bring you good news, lady Nova, there are no remaining charges, you are free to go."** He said, placing the piece of paper in her lap while reaching for her hands, carefully handling them and loosening the handcuffs, giving her the opportunity to read the paper without an awkward position to hold the paper in. *"F-free..?"* Nova mumbled to herself, rubbing her wrists now that the cuffs were finally gone, and picking up the paper, she skimmed from top to bottom to figure out what was going on. It didn't make any sense to her at all, she had witnessed Nils be reduced to ashes with her very own eyes, and Angel was keen on telling her that she was to be next in line, and yet, this director Tizen was telling her that it had all been a mishap, and she was free to go? The further she read the paper, the more it failed to make sense to her. The SOLARsec division had told her that there were no active charges against her, which meant that there was no reason for her to stay in her cell for any longer than necessary, and yet, Angel had promised her that she would execute her personally, slowly and painfully. *"So I.. can go home..?"* Nova muttered under her breath, tears beginning to dwell up in her eyes from relief, but also from fear. Tizen nodded, and gently patted her shoulder. **"Correct, lady Nova. I apologise that you've been in our cell unrightfully, but from today on, you are free to go once more."** He whispered with a wide smile on his face. Nova was left confused, but standing up, she decided to let Tizen guide her outside, retrieving her weaponry that was taken from her after being detained in the cubicle at the reception. But finally stepping through the front door of the building that she was detained in, she exhaled deeply out of relief. Even if the worries still haunted her, she could only imagine that Tizen simply had no idea what was at play behind the scenes. Did he even know about Angel's existence at all, or has he seen a single thing about the execution processes? It refused to make sense, but taking another deep breath with her eyes closed, she cleared her mind. One way or another, she was free to go once more, and exhaling deeply through her mouth, she reopened her eyes to look at the fountain at the entrance. With her hand on her chest, and her other hand on her rifle's holster, she whispered to herself, Nils's death replaying over and over again in her head. \
*"I won't let your death be in vain, Nils."*

# ACT III - REMEMBER
## ELEVEN - HEART SEEKER
**September 22nd** | **SOLARdawn Campus, Amadnésam** \
**Dave Mullan**
### Amended, the vessel
Originally having departed for **Alexandrie**, his work there has been completed, and he is back to working on his previous projects within **SOLARdawn**. Returning to the Amadnésam Campus gives him the opportunity to look into the progress for **Project Angel**, but to his horror, after connecting to a terminal and asking 4C, he learns about the direction that **Francis Ezarea** has taken the project in. From a positive line upwards, and Angel's memory returning bit by bit, it now seemed completely lost, the project having changed to reduce her to merely a killing machine.
### Heart Seeker
Dave isn't left without hope, though. The fact that **Angelina**'s memory was returning at all told him enough, and he sets off without a second thought, understanding all risks and dangers involved, to find Angel, wherever she may be, to attempt to make her remember, even if it would cost him his life.
## TWELVE - A DANCE OF ELEMENTS
**September 24th** | **SOLARsec, division Myrdiva** \
**Nova**
### Vengeance Fixation
With eyes burning brightly with revenge on **Nils** giving her tunnelvision, **Nova** returns once more to **Myrdiva** to enact revenge on **Angel**. Even if it was for a good cause, Nova herself is fully aware that her close-combat skills are nowhere near as good as those of Angel, and in good hope that she'd manage to fend off Angel well enough with just her dagger, it doesn't take long before she is injured by Angel, and is forced to throw in the towel. (*// Obviously, Angel still keeps her promise of executing Nova "Slowly and painfully", like she had told her before her sudden departure to Amadnésam earlier in the week. While this is still relatively underdeveloped, it is not a key point in the story per se, meaning it will be worked out more properly later on.*)
## THIRTEEN - REMEMBER
**Rough**: **"Remember"**: Following **KILLJOY** and during **HEAVY RAINFALL WARNING**, Dave makes his way to Amadnésam, closely following 4C's directions and data points to lead him directly to Angel. Frozen in place and frozen in time in the halls of the SOLARdawn campus once more, Dave finds Angel escorted by various SOLARsec guards, but to both of their surprise, their eyes meet, and Angel stands still in place. To her own surprise, she recognised Dave's face, but struggled to connect the dots, to figure out *why* it was that he was so familiar to her. Trying to approach her, Dave finds himself held at gunpoint by the escorting guards, until Angel steps out of the escort, gesturing the guards to lower their weapons. *// Obviously, more details than this are necessary, but that's why it's the finale. It's subject to change, but food for thought.*

### Rough snippet (Subtitle: "Remember?")
*// Pre: After days and days of walking between Myrdiva and Amadnésam, Dave finally received a clear lead from 4C about Angel's whereabouts, and her planning. In the halls of Campus Amadnésam, Dave finds Angel escorted by various SOLARsec guards.*

To her own surprise, Angel seemed to recognise the man's face that was gazing at her from the distance. Between the matte-black helmets and suits of the Elite SOLARsec guards that had circled around her, his face stood out through the crowd. Even if there were only five people to her right, his face still was the brightest one out of the bunch, and their eyes had already locked for at least ten seconds. *"Angel, we must proceed."* The guard to her left instructed her, but while Angel was usually immediate to comply, something about this man was compelling to her. *Why* was he so familiar? Following Angel's gaze, the rest of the guards followed it, and recognised Dave standing on the opposing end of the hallway. Without a second thought, their weapons were now suddenly raised and trained on the man's face and chest, which dispersed the rest of the people standing in their direction, but not Dave. His feet were cemented into the floor, and his gaze was ever burning into Angel's eyes. Despite her new appearance, and despite her new clothing, even despite the total lack of memories from her previous life as Angelina Velana, Dave remained steadfast, and remained confident. Confident that she'd remember him, confident that even through all the supposed bloodshed that was documented, she'd spare him, she'd remember him. *"You have a weapon. Drop it."* The guard closest to Dave instructed him. His voice was slightly robotic, altered and distorted through the LED mask he was wearing, and the red light waved as he spoke. At least twenty metres separated the two, but without a second thought, Dave, put his hand in his pocket, and dropped the razor knife that he had on his body to the floor, raising his hands afterwards. He remained silent, and his eyes remained fixated on Angel. He wasn't going to give up, not now, nor would he ever. His eyes drifted away from Angel's face, now focusing on the spear that she had been holding. Just like 4C had described, it was an intricately designed shaft, decorated by not just a luxurious spearhead, but also by many sorts of charms. His heart was beating furiously in his chest, and his mind was beginning to tell him to turn around, and forget this had ever happened. To forget Angelina, as she wouldn't remember a single thing anyway. The stained blood on the spearhead would only give him more reasons to stay away, and not take any further risks. But now that he was this close, he wasn't going to take a single step back anymore. 

And taking a single step forwards, he felt his heart skip a beat as the guards adjusted their trained rifles once more. The other researchers and students that had been walking through the hallway were now standing still, only able to witness the situation unfold before their very eyes. It seemed like a ridiculous decision for a regular person to take. An escort of Elite SOLARsec guards, armed and ready to empty a magazine into anyone that would even dare step close to them, harmful intent or not. They were surrounding and escorting not just any person, they were escorting *Angel*, SOLARsec's most fearful executioner. Nightmares featured her, gossip and rumours about her were spreading through the halls like wildfire, and now that she was standing in the midst of these guards, it would be a guaranteed deathwish to even *think* about approaching her. *"Not a step closer!"* The guard at the very front instructed Dave, his voice raised after Dave's third step forward. *"This is your last warning. We do not play games!"* \
Dave complied, and stood still, his eyes still fixated on those of Angel. In her eyes, he could recognise a strange glimmer, one that he vividly remembered seeing in Angelina's own eyes every time she mentioned her dreams to him, the desire to complete a project of her own, the childhood dream of advancing humanity forward. In Angel's very own eyes, that dream was visible to Dave once more, as he smiled warmly. He already knew enough, and even if the logs provided by 4C seemed to prove otherwise, even if the stained, crimson red spearhead, even if the SOLARsec escort seemed to act as an alarm for Dave to stray away, he knew that the piece of Angelina that had been buried deep within Angel's mind was still there. Angelina wasn't dead, and this only solidified his hope, his wish, for her to remember him. \
**"Lower your weapons."** Angel instructed the escort, and in an instant, all heads turned into her direction in surprise. *"Angel..?"* The Elite guard to her side asked, completely dumbfounded by her decision to let the supposed threat off the hook. *"Are you sure? We don't kn-"* \
**"Lower. Your weapons."** Angel interrupted him, her eyes fiery as she turned her head towards the Elite guard. **"No questions asked. I will handle this matter privately."** She continued, her eyes now returning to those of Dave. The glimmer in her eyes had faded, but Dave's feint smile remained. Lowering their weapons, the first group of guards continued through the hallway, continuing towards their destination while Angel continued to stare back into Dave's eyes. Still, she recognised the face, and struggled to find an answer as to why that was the case. **"Await me at the Southern Bridge. There's something about this scientist I need to figure out by myself."** 
