# Backstories
Each character within **Travel Risk** has a reason why they landed in the situation they find themselves in within the present day. Such as **Nils**, who originally dipped his fingers into grey market trading in order to fund the travel and living costs for his parents returning to **France**, and **Raléi**, who has been meddling with the authorities for as long as she can remember, and instead opted to start a safe haven for those that were brought into the bad cultures that arose in *Fallen Máneá* and *Zakh'háfo* by force. 

## Nils
### Direct Family
Nils has always been a leading figure in taking care of his aging parents. Originally from **Bordeaux, France**, they moved to **Bwiskvá, United Máneá** in hopes to find a better living there. And while they initially had a fantastic time in their first years, that quickly started to dwindle away as the civil unrest grew day in day out, eventually leading to the *Collapse of United Máneá* in 2039, which immediately led to the collapse of the economy and various cities within the now suddenly-divided country of **Zakh'háfo**. Nils's parents had no influence, opinion, or stances on whether Zakh'háfo should have become independent, but now that it suddenly became an independent nation anyway, the dream of living easily for the rest of their lives quickly became troublesome and grim. 

With the nation in shambles, Nils's parents were forced to stay in Bwiskvá and deal with the collapsing economy and wellbeing of the city one way or another. Because of this, Nils didn't have the childhood that his parents had aspired to give him, but as he aged, it became a goal for Nils to restore the dream that his parents had: Live carefree. And with both Máneá and Zakh'háfo having been left to ruins, returning to **France** seemed to be the only viable option for them.
### Grey Markets and netrunning
Reaching his twenties, Nils had no option other than to get to working, fast. His dream was to leave his own wellbeing and life for what it was, and he even went as far as living on the streets, as long as it meant that every cent that he earned would go to his parents' funding to return to **France**. To achieve this, he moved out into a single-room apartment in Nepestésá to lessen the burden on his parents, and from there on he would begin his *netrunning career*. This was an extremely risky path for him to take, but one he was confident enough in that it would pay off. Without any sort of neurotech in his body, he would have to do small robberies and acts of theft by his mind and skills alone. And to everyone's surprise, it had paid off, and his parents were able to sell their house in Bwiskvá and move back to Bordeaux, France.
### Meeting Antoine, entering Dáritke
In one of his last tasks for his freelance netrunning career, he stumbled upon Antoine Rousseau, who had received an identical task that Nils had been given as well. In turn, the two became good friends and completed their mission, and had quickly grown closer together to become a stellar duo. A few months into their collaborative acts of robbery, Antoine receives an invitation to work for **Dáritke**, and passed the invite along to Nils. Ever since, his **Travel Risk** story begins, and in his first mission he is interrupted by agents from **The Agency**, meeting **Raléi** and stepping out of Dáritke the very same day he was introduced to them. 

## Raléi
### Rug pull
Raléi had been meddling with the grey sections of the law for as long as she could remember. She would often be seen carrying more harmless and street drugs such as simple packets of weed ever since she had turned 18 years old. Having lost her mother at age 16 in an accident after she was found in the wrong place at the wrong time, she quickly lost contact with her dad and was left to survive on her own in the ever collapsing city of Deth-Kelétam. In hopes to find a more stable living, she comes in contact with **Dáritke**, which was still in its early starting stages at that time. 
### Loose Ends
After her slow first years as she gradually aged and learned along the way, she is finally sent on a first netrunning mission at the age of 28, having practiced various martial arts and having undergone various neurotech surgeries as well for a more easy approach to these various missions. She had grown to know **Gustavo**, the founder and owner of the **Dáritke** Agency, as well as **Mitch**, a more experienced but also older netrunner. The three become a golden trio, with Gustavo finding points of interest and Mitch and Raléi execute the mission without a trace. \
Despite the synergy between the three, more tensions arise between Mitch and Raléi, as the two more frequently come into disagreements on how to approach missions together. Mitch's health began to fall behind while Raléi's ever improved with the increased additions of neurotech in her body. Despite the saying that *"Nobody ever leaves Dáritke alive"*, Raléi beats the odds and meets **Alex** in **Kristánisin**, granting her an open door into **The Agency**.
### Warm Welcome 
Ever since Raléi was acquired by The Agency, her life and wellbeing returned to her upwards curve, and she obtained a leadership role under the supervision of Alex. This didn't rule her out of any missions that required physical activity, and with 5 years of mastered martial arts under her belt and a fresh blade hidden underneath her left wrist, nothing could get in the way or Raléi anymore. 

## Mika
### Out of sight, out of mind
Mika has committed theft and robbery for as long as he could remember. Candies at the store, Neurokicks in Ódóni, and an exclusive car with extreme security measures. If it had a protocol, Mika would find a way through it. \
Working in stealth, he chose to undergo multiple surgeries to have neurotech installed on his body for the sole purpose of assisting him during missions. A wrist rabbit would help him break through even the most advanced security protocols and locks, a cloak in his shoulder would help him got through buildings and prohibited areas undetected, and even if he did end up getting caught, adrenaline boosters would grant him the extra speed and agility he'd need to escape the situation. 
### Red Handed
But perfection isn't easy to achieve, and even for someone as advanced and experienced as Mika, perfection couldn't be achieved in the hardest of missions. In an attempt to acquire counterfeit Neurokicks and a dose of Leremkov for his client in Stéu-Khessi, he was caught red handed and was trapped into a corner, giving him no way to escape at all and ultimately leading to his capture. The records began to trace back to Ódóni, Hád Bésim, robberies and acts of counterfeit trading in Nódori and Deth-Kelétam. The list of committed crimes was beginning to spread to several pages, and with the proposed jailtime racking up, Mika's life seemed to be doomed.
### Get Out of Jail Free card
But Mika's crimes weren't left unnoticed and under the radar after all. One month had passed of his 74-year-long sentence, and a strange man by the name of **Gustavo Dáritke** proposed a buyout for Mika. His jailtime would be reduced to a mere month, meaning he could leave his jail cell in just a few more days, at the cost of being expended to the **Dáritke** Agency. Despite the strangeness of the situation, Mika refused to spend the rest of his life in jail, and promptly agreed. The choice was easy to make, and ever since, Mika resumed his crimes in secrecy, wielding the colours of Dáritke, without a fear of getting jailed ever again.

## Nova
### Target Acquired
Born in **Eastern Kérisant**, bordering **Mharáni** and carrying the name of her village of birth, **Stráva Mikkë**, Nova has been using long-range weaponry for as long as she can remember. What started with archery, developed through clay pigeon shooting, and ended in becoming a top-class sniper, fear wasn't in her dictionary, and she would do all she can to complete her mission, disregarding any protocols, and making sure her mission would be completed and her own safety would be in her hands, and not in those of others.
### Defy the Odds
Eager to go beyond, Nova made the decision to opt into installing neurotech into her body to enhance her strength and precision far beyond what was humanly possible. Opting to have her left eye, her naturally weaker eye, replaced by one developed entirely for the purpose of precision and perfection, she relearned the ropes of sniping and landed her first extreme-distance shot at 3942 metres away, without the use of a scope at all. 
### Beyond the Top
Her new top wasn't enough for her, she wanted to go even further. But learning that she was developing an imminent and irreversible deafness, she instead turned to **Dominico**, a scientist from **Cévok** that worked closely with *Leremkov*, and offered to assist her in her search of helping her hearing, and her search of going way beyond her current skills. Exchanging her ears for those of a fox, she now knew that she was virtually unstoppable, and after landing a clean shot from 10 kilometres away as a means to complete her trade with Dominico, she knew that nothing could come in her way ever again.
### Close Quarters
In an attempt to go further with her personal skills and heighten her combat experiences she acquired in **Mharáni** and **Íszkéde**, she receives an invite from **Vatnelári**, an agency in **Zakh'háfo**. Offering her a place to stay, and promising extreme development in skills, she agrees to leave **Strava Mikkë** be and travels to a nation completely unknown to her. But in her first mission, none of her ranged skills are put to use, and stumbling upon *Nils* as she exits from her mission, she defects from Vatnelári and instead joins **The Agency**, who promise proper development of her skills.
