# Collapse of United Máneá
Ever since the **Allocation of Ubunia** and the creation of **United Máneá** in 2006, the nation never really experienced unity together. Not too long after the various provinces were created within her borders, two fronts were quick to appear on the bigger picture: **Máneá** and **Zakh'háfo**. While unrest originally sprung up around **2013**, it remained suppressed in the media and didn't see too much light. But from **2031** onwards, the voices of protest and the independence movements finally became more prominent in Zakh'háfo, and with the elected presidents and officials almost exclusively coming from Máneán provinces, the Zakh'háfon population began to feel unseen, unheard, and most importantly, neglected. Over the next few years, the two representative governments of Máneá and Zakh'háfo would come together for talks to try and tone down the protests, and to reach an agreement in which true unity could be achieved. But in **2035**, a Máneán representative was mysteriously killed, interrupting these peace talks, and from then on, more killings of highly specific people would continue to disturb the peace talks, until the killing of *Vice President* **Démëti Ristovélisim** in **2039**, which snowballed the **collapse of United Máneá** as a whole, giving way to an independent Zakh'háfo.

## August 4th, 2039 - Ristovélisim is assassinated
After a killing spree that has been going on steadily for 4 years now, the expected but horrifying expectations finally came true: The **Vice President** has been assassinated. On a day that was supposed to solidify the peace treaty between Máneá and Zakh'háfo after unrest that had lasted for many years straight now, the treaty was now out of reach for either country. Before long, the assassination of Ristovélisim snowballed riots and protests in Zakh'háfo, paving the way for an independence declaration which followed just a mere few weeks afterwards. 
## September 14th, 2039 - United Máneá collapses
After a week of silence from Zakh'háfo, a declaration of independence finally reached the capital of **Fsat-Hokh**. dividing the nation of **United Máneá** into two, effective immediately. Now standing on their own feet, Zakh'háfo declares **Ákros** to be its capital, and with the protests behind its back, its citizens can finally live freely under a government that *does* look after them, and *does* hear the voices of the people. 
## January 29th, 2040 - Rhódisz secedes from Máneá
With the Máneán economy collapsing, Rhódisz, a Máneán state that's sandwiched between Máneá and Zakh'háfo, declares its own independence from Máneá and opens its doors to many institutes, companies, and organisations, giving them the opportunity to flee to a smaller nation with a more stable economy. It doesn't take long before organisations in Zakh'háfo follow, eventually causing it to face the same fate that Máneá faced: An economic depression like never before. 