# Collapse of United States
From **1990** onwards, the stability of the US has been ever declining. With **PALMER-EDEN**'s foundation in early 1990, it originally nested its roots in pharmaceutical services, but with the incredible improvements in technologies on a year-to-year basis, it wasn't long before the company began to dip its fingers into every single branch imaginable, providing questionable but high-quality services to the everyday citizen at a highly affordable pricepoint. Before long, **PALMER-EDEN** had spread throughout the US like wildfire, and with the increased risks that come with a total monopoly, other companies began to depart the US as a result, leaving only the products and services of **PALMER-EDEN** as an option.
## PALMER-EDEN assumes total control (2005)
Where the US was once recognised as the freest market in the entire world, it quickly lost that title when PALMER-EDEN began to spread through the US like hot cakes. It quickly outperformed its competitors in every respective market. With such an impressive portfolio, it wasn't strange that PALMER-EDEN would quickly receive seats within the government, increasing its grip on the market even further, while the competitors and rivalling companies instead chose to flee the US in fears of their own safety. In **1995**, **NASA** leaves the crumbling US for Europe as one of the last remaining organisations to do so, leaving behind their works for PALMER-EDEN to pick up on. And in **2005**, the final competitors left, or were bought out, and PALMER-EDEN was now in full control of all US States.
## Various states secede, PALMER-EDEN tightens control
In an effort to protect itself, its integrity, and its citizens, the various states of Northeastern US formally secede from the US in **2011**, and are followed soon after by the **independence of California** in **2012**. Fearing that other states would follow along and secede to free themselves and its citizens from the grip of PALMER-EDEN, it tightens the securities in the country and closes its borders, trapping anyone inside that was eager to flee, and making sure no human would ever be able to enter the scattered United States either.
## National Cold War, Human experiments (Ultima)
With PALMER-EDEN in full control, revolt was to be expected against it. But any sort of revolt against PALMER-EDEN would be met with force, and be shut down immediately, creating an increasingly grimmer situation for the citizens that have stayed behind in the US. The quality of PALMER-EDEN's products and services were declining, but all the other options had left to other countries, or had been bought out, meaning that its citizens had no choice but to comply, creating a disturbing atmosphere that those that had experienced the Cold War dreamed to forget. 

PALMER-EDEN's stranglehold on the country did not end there, and with total control, it instead began to disregard experimental technologies and medication on animals completely and began a program that was internally known as **Ultima**. While Europe and the Pacific were allocating and settling Lúniks, PALMER-EDEN instead tried to elevate humanity's capabilities and developed strange forms of supernaturalism, one that could only be enabled if the host had an organ that was developed to support this supernaturalism. The program would stay off the radar, and anyone that attempted to blow the whistle would be apprehended, or even outright killed, almost immediately.
## Cold War turns hot, Secession of Illinois 
Since **2005**, the United States have been in what is considered a *national Cold War*, where the revolt against PALMER-EDEN was met with force and shut down immediately. The revolt remained to simmer over the next few decades, but in **2035**, a secret uprising in **Florida** suddenly launched an attack on **Chicago**, where PALMER-EDEN was headquartered. As a result, more states joined the uprising and began to aid the Floridians in revolting against the tight grip of PALMER-EDEN, and as a response, were instead met with even worse bombings and counterattacks. In the end, nobody would win this civil war, and with devastated cities destroyed by a seemingly never-ending arsenal of rockets and weapons, the war doesn't last long and leaves many innocent people dead, only worsening the living conditions for those that survived.

In **2037**, PALMER-EDEN reduces its control to the states in *Lake Michigan*, and formally secedes from the remains of the United States to create the nation of **Illinois**, combining the borders of the states of **Wisconsin**, **Illinois**, **Indiana**, and **Michigan**. Its borders remain closed to all the other nations, and the remains of the US struggle to reunite with it former member states, with other states instead joining the likes of California, Mexico, or Canada, in hopes to rebuild what was now lost. 

PALMER-EDEN leaves behind the research centres it once took over from NASA, some of which had been destroyed during the counterattacks on the state of Florida, and for a nation experiencing a post-war resurgence, Cape Canaveral may be the last hope for the remains of the US to stay connected to its neighbouring nations.