# Drafted Stories
Some stories or snippets that I have come up with, have not grown big enough yet to be inserted into **TRAVEL RISK** as a whole. 
## Unused Drafts
### Untitled
*"-threading the needle to tie the game once more!"* \
*"Unbelievable!"* \
*"Never rule them out of contention! Time and time again they prove-"*

**"Seems sports are still alive and well like nothing ever happened."** Jason mumbled to himself, passing by a sports café that had the TV a little too loud. Walking through the soaked city of Akhádija, he slowly made his way to his usual workplace. It had been ten years since the blooming city he was born and raised in had suddenly flipped upside down since the collapse of United Máneá. What had once started as a small commune far out of the range of Amadnésam ended up growing into an infinitely developing and growing city. But since 2039, that growth reached a sudden halt, and the city collapsed within itself, the once blooming city centre quickly became a relic of the past. What was once full of people, was now a desolate and abandoned space.

### Dancing with Dragons (Travel Risk)
*// POV: Nils* 

Stepping through the big door of the bar, I wave to the usual bartender, Mákhim, who immediately took my hint and began pouring my usual drink. It'd been a busy day, Raléi and I had done a variety of arms training and had gone through our armoury to check up on our weaponry. To the surprise of both of us, we only had to touch up a single pulse rifle, which Raléi had remarked was "always a troubleseeker", but that meant that not a single weapon in the last two years had started to act up. But even so, it was a lot of lifting, it was a lot of work, so I needed to blow off some steam and go out for a drink on my own.

**"The usual for you, Nils."** Mákhim said to me, handing over a generous pour of local whiskey to me as I sat down at the bar. **"Anything interesting happen lately? Must have been a busy day, no?"** He asked gently, already beginning to clean a few glasses behind the counter while waiting for an answer. He was always a restless man, but in a bar like this, that was greatly appreciated. He would always be busy with *something*, and even so, he would always keep a smile on his face. *"Oh, don't get me started"* I began, letting out a deep sigh as I remembered all the lifting I had to do with Raléi. *"We ran checks on our armoury today.."* \
I saw Mákhim's eyes go wide right away, and he took the bottle of whiskey and added another slight pour to my glass. **"I've seen older photos, Nils, that is no joke, this one is on the house."** He said with a giggle. Right away, I took a good sip of my drink, looking around the bar to see if anyone was acting out of the ordinary. Generally, this bar was considered to be the safest and most standard bar throughout the city cluster, although Nódori and Egórece had their own diamonds too. But oddly enough, I spot a weird, red glimmer far into the bar, and with my senses raised, I stepped up from my stool with my drink and began to investigate. 

As if the strange red glow had realised I spotted it, it quickly vanished again, but nevertheless I was now destined to figure out where the red glow was coming from. I walked towards the back of the bar, where the old stage was built but eventually moved to the front, and behind the dusty curtains I could see the old, unused instruments. I scanned the storage room, the back of the stage, but everywhere I looked, I couldn't find anything that could even glow red lights at all. Everything was turned off, and nothing seemed to indicate life or action, but as I was about to give up, they reappeared before me, completed by a blackened out silhouette of a young woman whose outfit I couldn't pinpoint. But strangest of all, I could see a strange pair of horns, unlike any animal or Leremkov strain I've ever seen before. Something was alluring about this figure, but as I stepped forward to come closer, the red glow faded away again, and I was left longing for answers that I now expected to never receive.

I stepped back out of the storage room after putting everything back to its original place, but before I could make my way past the curtains of the old stage back into the bar, a young, energetic and sly voice whispered into my ear, sending a shiver of fear down my spine. **"I see you've taken interest in me."** She began, and while I couldn't see her, I knew that she had a smug expression on her face as she continued whispering in my other ear. **"Why?"** \
Dumbfounded and taken aback to hear a sudden reply to my thoughts at all, I struggled to find the right words to say when put in the spotlight of the stage like this. *"I-I was curious.. that's all."* I stammered, struggling to find further words. **"Curious.. hm..? You're discovering something that nobody on the planets know about, I hope you understand."** She said with a smirk on her face, her sly tone of voice persisting as she continued to speak, but standing still on the spot before the curtains, I suddenly see an open hand appear before my chest. Strangely enough, the arm was completely blackened out with streaks of grey and red, arising more questions in my mind, but refusing to hesitate, I take her hand and await for her to explain what was going on. 

Being pulled away from the curtain, the strange figure guided me to upstairs to the old storage rooms where drinks were stored before the bar had acquired the building nextdoor and used that for storage since. I had always believed that it was closed off permanently, but after meeting this person after following a strange red glow, I wasn't going to let little things like these question me anymore. \
Reaching the top of the stairwell, she guides me into the old break room, and promptly turn on the old abandoned lighting, revealing herself and immediately answering half my questions, but also leading to more questions. Her posture was that of a young woman, but the questions I had in my mind began from there. Both of her hands were almost entirely blackened out and were accentuated by streaks of red and grey, and her clothing reflected the glimpse of the personality that I had seen so far, wearing clothing that could be described as both techwear and gothic. But what arised to the top of my questions were the horns that crowned on the top of her head, coloured in a beautiful shade of red and black that curled upwards to the top. It was unlike anything I had ever seen before, but before I could even open my mouth, she already interrupted my thoughts. **"You're looking at Istri,"** she began, as she playfully bent forward and touched my nose with a wide grin on her face, her red eyes glowing brightly. **"A Dragon of Vao"**.

### VISIONS & VOICES (Working title)
*// POV: Nils*

Feeling the strange, tingling and burning sensation of Istri's finger on my nose persist, I suddenly found myself laying on my back. Blinking my eyes a few times, I was staring at the ceiling, having gotten familiar with the plain white colouring. Taking my time to sit upright, I expected to see Istri awaiting me somewhere in my bedroom with the mysterious aura that surrounded her, but even so, I only saw the closet and cupboard next to the door towards the armoury that we ran checks on yesterday. I looked to the alarm clock on my nightstand. *"11:30.. I slept like a brick.."* I thought to myself, pressing my hand against my forehead after pushing the bedsheets to the side. 

After a few minutes, I had gotten myself out of bed and had put on the same clothing as the day before. I didn't feel like putting too much effort in getting dressed, so simple jeans and a shirt had to do for today. **"Look who's finally woken up!"** Rálei smirked as I walked through my bedroom door.