# DREAMSEEKER
**DREAMSEEKER**/**SOLARdawn** | Currently completely conceptual, however, it may include or see use of:
- **Dreamseeker** | Character design directly taken from **Honkai Impact**. The actual term or name may see a rebrand, however, to avoid conflict with aforementioned title.
- **Voyage** | Unspecified as of yet, may be a relation to Lúniks's original inhabitants, as well as the potential cosmic mission that they may have embarked on (Which may also see a relation with the **Dragons of Vao**, which itself is another old draft)
- Dreamseeker **would** include supernaturalism and vivid realism, primarily through hallucinations or other impossibly real events or visions. This would add more background to **Polaris**'s character, and give an explanation to her abilities as well and explore further upon these. Additionally, that arises questions: What *is* **Voyage**, and does SOLARdawn know about Polaris's journey and relation to this **Voyage**? If Polaris is "A Dreamseeker", will this imply that there are several, and if so, what is their purpose, and how does this tie back to Polaris's position within SOLARdawn?
- A connection to the currently drafted [[Álusken's Mysteries]], which also requires more information and context for it to shape properly.

### Sketched story: The Voyage resumes
*// While Polaris is able to trigger illusions and hallucinations through her left eye, it does not make herself immune to them. If desired, she'd be able to hallucinate herself simply by looking into a mirror, but obviously, doesn't do so. Another way is by being on the receiving end of another Dreamseeker. This sketch will handle that specific scenario.* 

**"Something is off."** Her mind echoed. Standing still before her wooden door that reached outside of her office, no sounds could be heard. The only sound reverberating off the walls within her office were those of her own breaths, and soon to follow, the creaking of the door as she pulled it back from the frame. Her eyes had been opened wide, and her heart was pounding loudly in her chest. A simple glimpse into the hallway was enough to tell her that it was a mere hallucination. Her decade of experience within the Western Wing at SOLARdawn allowed her to have a perfect photographic memory of the exact views she'd be able to see the moment she'd step through the door. No matter the crowd, no matter the time, all pieces of the puzzle had remained in the exact same spot all these years. And with her brows furrowing, she made the realisation that whoever it was that had attempting to illude her, simply misremembered the exact positions of the floorlights. A soft sigh escaped her lips, and the creaking of the door behind her now sealed her off into the dim hallway. A look to the left, and then to the right, confirmed the surreality and illusionary version of the Western Wing that she stood within. A thin, white mist was lingering from her ankles down, and the hallway stretched infinitely into both sides. With a quiet grunt, she closed her eyes once more, giving herself the necessary time to adjust to the hallucination that she was within. 

Her eyes remained closed, and her footsteps reverberated throughout the endless hallway that she stepped through. The mist remained lingering on the floor, and the lights remained dim, providing only a little source of light, barely enough to illuminate the walls of the hallways. But apart from her footsteps and her increasingly shallow breaths, there was no other noise being made. Her footsteps continued, and by now, she knew that she would at least have taken two thousand of them by now. The tips of her fingers, dressed by a thin, satin glove with pink tips at the very end, traced the walls as she set her two thousand and first step, followed by the next, and another thousand to follow. The tempo of her breaths increased the thinner the air became, and even so, she wasn't walking on a slope upwards. Whoever was illuding her was thinning out the air within the halls, and in a matter of minutes, her fingertips dwindled, now poorly tracing the walls to her right. Even with her eyes closed, the vibrant pulsing of her left eye remained, desperately trying to form another way of eyesight, but with the lights getting dimmer with every step she took, she realised that her increased exhaustion was beginning to hamper her from doing so. Her mind cried, no, begged for her to stop walking forward into infinity, but she continued to step forward, determined to figure out who it was that had manifested this illusion for her, and what lied at the end of infinity.

That end came much sooner than she had expected, however, as an external pressure forced her to a halt. A stinging sensation centred itself around her abdomen, and even though her eyes remained closed, she could feel the stinging worsen, reaching deeper into her stomach. A hand gently rested against her shoulder, but even with the lights as dim as they were, she struggled to make out a face, or formulate a realistic person that would be able to stop her right here, right now. *"You trust your instincts too much."* The voice that belonged to the hand suddenly spoke, and two dots in the spider's web of possibilities connected within her mind, but no figure revealed itself. The pressure in her abdomen remained, and gritting her teeth, she stood steadfast, refusing to move, refusing to speak, completely freezing herself on the spot, all whilst a burning, wetting sensation started to run down to her toes from her stomach. *"You're only making this harder for yourself."* The voice continued, their voice much more stern than before. By now, it had become clear that she had walked straight into an open dagger, one that was now finding its way deeper and deeper into her abdomen, draining her strength which already was at its lowest point. She coughed, her teeth remaining gritted firmly, while blood found its way past her lips too. Time was running out, and she was fully aware of this too, but even so, she refused to comply and open her eyes to confront this mysterious figure. **"Not now."** Her mind echoed. **"You will wake."** It said, over and over again. 

A twist of the dagger finally changed her mind. Her eyes opened wide in an instant, illuminating the dim hallways, and revealing the figure that had been pressing the dagger into her abdomen deeper and deeper over the past minute. A puddle of blood had already accumulated in the last few seconds, but was overshadowed by the pair of things that had spread open wide from her back, dwarfing the six small wings that were at the back of her head. With a loud cough, the reality of the situation kicked in as all senses now began to register the pain, the injured nerves finally sending their signals to her brain, which worsened as the dagger was violently pulled out of her abdomen. With a loud grunt, she struggled to keep her balance, even if the freshly made wound had already numbed down just moments after the dagger had left her body. *"Why does our angel always have to cause a fuss?"* The voice before her smirked. Twirling the dagger on her fingertip, the last drops of blood that stuck to the blade fell to the floor, landing on both of their respective dresses on their way down. **"Youre.. one to talk.. Veyra.."** She grunted back, with more blood seeping from her lips, dripping from her chin. Her breathing remained shallow, and her hand now pressed firmly against the rapidly healing wound in her stomach. Her dress had been ruined, the already-black robe now stained in a crimson red, but right now, that was the least of her worries. \
*"There's a reason you're in an Abyss, Emily."* Veyra's stern voice echoed throughout the halls, and looking up, Emily saw the iridescent eyes gaze deeply into her own. The dress she wore matched the colours of her irises, ranging from a deep violet, into a bright green, the edges a tinted pink. Emily's brows furrowed, and biting her lip, she tried to keep herself from lashing out immediately, especially with the wound still hampering her movement. **"Then why didn't you-"** \
*"You wandered off, and got lost in your mind. Puncturing your nerves was the only way to get your attention."* Veyra immediately interrupted her, her own brows furrowing too, the dagger held tightly in her hand. *"At least it's brought your wings out of hiding."* 
Emily groaned, the enormous, satin white wings that sprouted from her shoulder blades wrapping around her own body, covering up her stomach in a means to present her wings, and hide her body. **"You're delaying the inevitable. Tell the reason."** \
*"If you insist."* She smirked back, a warm smile appearing on her face, her eyes opening wide and pulsing vibrantly. In a split second, the lingering fog that had covered the floor within the endless halls evaporated as Veyra stretched out her hand, presenting her unusual skintone to Emily, whose brows remained furrowed. 

*"The Voyage resumes."*
 

