# FATED ENCOUNTER
Many months after the fateful day in **Álef**, **Maria** has been roaming through the gradually recovering nation of **Máneá** after having recovered at home in Jóthul. Desperately trying to pick up the pieces in her life again, she receives a call from her old internship manager **Owen**, who informed her that a job opportunity at **Carbine** has reopened for her under **Hammerhead**'s management in Zhuehai. Until then, she decides to roam through the old **Dáritke** stronghold of **Deth-Kelétam**, what was once considered the capital of drugs. 

**Omáti** has died of his illness, and **Nils** had informed her that Máneá was now deemed safe throughout early **2076**, but to her surprise, and dismay, the bounty on her head was never cleared. And the person eager to claim the bounty reveals himself to be none other than **Dáritke's GHOST** himself, Mika Andzákin.
## FATED ENCOUNTER
### title due
With her hands in her pockets, her eyes remained dull as she walked through the crowded streets of Deth-Kelétam. Not even two months ago, the city reeked with the terrible smells of poorly disposed drugs, the overflowed sewage system had failed to properly process all the excess Lucky Water that had been used throughout the city, but from the very moment that Dáritke had closed their last underground warehouse, the skies suddenly cleared up for every resident in not only Deth-Kelétam itself, but throughout the entire nation of Máneá. After what seemed like a grim future for the next generations onwards that would be risen in the increasingly worsening state of the nation, the doors suddenly reopened, and hope was regained.

But not for Maria. Even if it was expected, the news had still shocked her. Just a few months ago, after having lost Raléi in Álef, she took the risk of taking a detour past the capital of Zakh'háfo, meeting up with the deteriorating Omáti and the slowly recovering Nils. Back then, Omáti still looked to be in a decent shape, but since Maria had returned to Jóthul, it only worsened every single day, until Nils finally broke the news just over a week ago. *"Omáti is gone, Maria."* His shaky voice had crackled over the telephone. And it wasn't all that was gone. Nils's source of income was also gone, and his apartment in Nepestésá would be an enormous risk as well with the looming threat of Dáritke finding him, and subsequently murdering him. The only realistic option for him would be to reunite with his parents once more and leave for Earth, which would leave Maria completely alone as the last standing member of what once was Kristánisin's Agency. She exhaled deeply upon the thought. On the grand scale of things, losing two members of your agency wasn't the end of the world. But The Agency only had four members in total. It was effectively sliced in half with no direction left to take.

Maria broke out of the crowd and headed into a smaller alley. She gained a sudden urge to go for a coffee, something she hadn't done in days, but now she was in Deth-Kelétam, she remembered that she was walking near a coffee bar that Nils had recommended her, and walking through the dark alley, she felt the all too familiar risks build up in her gut once more. She had hidden herself in an alleyway like this half a year ago in Álef, a little after the Kristensend Ball, and once more, the train of thoughts returned and replayed the timeline in her mind from the interception of the briefcase onwards, all the way to the crunching of steel beams and ringing of the train tracks.. \
She froze in place, but not because of the trauma that was haunting her mind. Something was unusual about this alley, and it seemed that her gut feeling was beginning to turn out right. But looking towards her left, at what she believed to be the cause for her sudden disruption in her walk, she saw nothing more than a trash bag left behind on the street. It appeared to be nothing, and sighing deeply, she continued onwards onto the next busy street towards the Uleze Plaza, where the great coffee bar that she was headed to was located within. It was just a block or two away, and inhaling deeply, she tried her best to stuff the uneasy feeling in her stomach away. 

Stepping out of the alley, however, yielded her her next surprise. The very second she turned to the left to continue her journey towards the café, she instead found herself staring down the barrel of a pistol. Her eyes opened wide in surprise, giving her a good look of the figure before her that was holding the pistol before her forehead. He was ever familiar to her, however, as her eyes returned to her dull, lifeless state once more. But the figure that was standing behind him was especially intriguing. She had shiny, reflective metallic arms, and messy brown hair that was covering the right side of her face. She didn't look like a person native to Lúniks to her at all, but she knew that it was wrong to make assumptions, of course. Letting out a soft sigh, Maria took out her hands from her pockets and raised them in the air, eyeing the hand of the young man before her resting his finger steadily on the trigger. He seemed to have second thoughts, and the woman behind him looked slightly unsure about the situation as well, but after a minute of standing frozen in place with a tense atmosphere, Maria decided to break the ice, understanding the risks involved. \
**"What did I do to deserve this show?"** She smiled, her hands still raised upwards to the sky, showing her compliance with the situation, causing the man before her to steady his aim once more, almost pressing the muzzle of the pistol against her forehead. \
*"There's a bounty on your head."* He began, his expression remaining deeply serious. *"I'd like to claim it."* \
Maria sighed, her eyes looking towards the floor as she took a look at his shoes. They were dressed with yellow, and she knew that it wasn't meant for decoration. Her initial thought of who was standing before her appeared to be right, and looking back up, her dull eyes locked with the fiery eyes of his. **"Boring. I didn't expect Dáritke to press this much on my head."** She smiled, her eyes now beginning to glow slightly as she began to taunt him a little further. **"I'm surprised to see it's you that's holding me at gunpoint, though. Isn't there a legend for you to defend?"** \
His eyes opened wide, and the neurotech in his left arm began to glow as he pressed the pistol firmly against Maria's head. *"That's not your business. I'm just here to claim a bonus."* He scoffed, his brows furrowed while Maria's expression began to turn into more of a smug. She had already achieved what she needed to. \
**"A bonus, Mika? Did Vikram leave you behind after your clumsy escape in Egórecë?"** She smirked, taunting him even further, causing the figure to scoff under his breath, his finger itching on the trigger. *"Taunt me any further and I'll plant a decorated shell in your brain."* \
**"What's stopping you, Mika Andzákin? Why did you feel the need to start a conversation at gunpoint?"** Maria smiled, her eyes beginning to glow brighter as she kept her eyes locked with Mika's. **"The so-called "Ghost" could've used his cloak to pierce my head with a freshly printed bullet behind my back and claim the bounty like you're getting groceries, and yet, that's not the situation we're in. How come, Mika?"** \
The glow on his arm faded away, and letting his finger go of the trigger, he kept the pistol aimed at Maria's forehead, surprised, yet deeply annoyed at the facts that his bounty had just told him straight to the face. It could've indeed been an easy claim, and even now, he could still decide to pull the trigger and claim the bounty regardless. The sum would allow him to immediately retire and settle for the rest of his life, but she had a point. 

*"Mention Vikram another time and I'll kill you regardless, bounty or not."* He scoffed, finally lowering his pistol and placing it inside the holster on his hip. *"Except for this once. Who told you about what happened in Egórecë? And more importantly, who did Dáritke place a $10 million bounty on?"* He crossed his arms, his brows still furrowed as he stared deeply into Maria's eyes. Lowering her arms, finally being given a moment to breathe normally again, she placed her hands back in her pockets. **"I'm Dr. Maria Limáida. Daughter of Liavolta's LESD President, ex-supervisor of the Álef Metro's security, and a researcher at Carbine."** She smiled, followed by a deep sigh as the glow in her eyes disappeared once more, returning the stare into Mika's eyes. **"For Dáritke, I'm merely known as a lead figure of Kristánisin's Agency."** \
For a second, Mika placed his hand back on his holstered pistol, but was almost immediately stopped by the young woman standing behind him, gesturing him to leave the idea of claiming a bounty behind him. He turned around and whispered something back to her, before she stepped forward to introduce herself too. *"I'm.. Gradient.."* She whispered, opening her mouth slowly, before deciding against saying anything more, giving Mika the room to follow up. *"In that case, first and foremost, I'd like to say sorry for the.. rude introduction."* He said with a slight smile on his face, turning on the safety knob on his pistol as he look glanced to the side. For a moment, he collected his thoughts, and after a few seconds, he looked back into Maria's eyes, a different and more genuine expression now on his face. *"You mentioned Carbine.. didn't they dissolve a few years ago?"* He asked, leaving behind an odd feeling in Maria's stomach as she felt a mixture of fear and hopefulness swirl in her core. But shaking the fearful thoughts away, she cleared her throat and began to explain away, the glow in her eyes reappearing once more as she smiled warmly at the two. \
**"They did dissolve in 2073 after the Kósfrii accident, and their only public work is the installation of the radiation shielding, or "Domes", over the molten reactors."** She began, smiling warmly as she remembered Owen's phone call, seeing the light in the dark once more. **"But my old contractor mentioned that an older Carbine team had moved to Zhuehai to continue their space research there together with Hammerhead, before they'd refurbish and reopen the institutes in Némiskéi and-"** \
*"Hammerhead?"* Gradient suddenly interrupted her, having stepped forwards once more to step into the spotlight of the conversation. Surprised, Maria nodded, finally getting a proper look at her unique arms. Even if she had a peek into neurotech herself together with Raléi, this didn't look like neurotech at all. And to her surprise, it almost seemed it wasn't supplied by a Luniksan industry either. *"I'm.. part of Hammerhead, actually.."* She continued, taking a moment to stuff away the lump in her throat as she gained the confidence to strike up a conversation properly. *"I'm part of Hammerhead's HEART team, and the two of us actually met in Miami on Earth. We found documents that might lead to an answer to.."* She continued, averting her eyes for a moment after suddenly pausing in the middle of her sentence. *"Where PALMER-EDEN might have gone to. The papers we found in Miami mentioned Máneá a few times, and specified both Deth-Kelétam and the Triangle, but-"* \
*"We haven't found anything from there."* Mika interrupted her, completing her sentence. *"The Research Triangle is enormous, and it's tough to find an unmarked research campus within it. They don't have any branding, and they only present themselves through blank orange banners. It's like searching for a needle in a haystack."* He sighed, putting his hands in his own pockets as well now. \
**"The Triangle.. orange banners.."** Maria thought out loud, looking through the various storefronts on the alley they stood within, not surprised in the slightest that she couldn't find a single lead in Deth-Kelétam specifically. She pressed her hand on her chin, thinking deeply and visualising the layout of the various blocks before her as she looked to the floor. **"By that logic.. it could be somewhere in Amadnésam's research block."** She suddenly said with a warm smile, returning her eyes to the two before her. **"But my memory on the Triangle is hazy, so I can't be entirely sure. Sector 7 of the Eastern Block a few of these unmarked industries, however, one being the remains of Alexandrie Pharmaceuticals, so you may get lucky searching there."** Maria finished, crossing her arms with a wide smile on her face. To her own surprise, she not only escaped death narrowly today, but had somehow helped someone who was her enemy not even ten minutes ago. The two looked at each other for a moment, and whispered something to each other once more. After a second, Mika turned around, offering his hand out to Maria, who promptly shook it. *"Firstly, I'm sorry I tried to kill you just a moment ago."* He said with an awkward smile, darting his eyes to the side in embarrassment. *"But I want to thank you for your open-mindedness, Maria. I underestimated you, and I think your memory might actually help us pinpoint us to our mission."* His smile became more genuine, washing away the awkward and uneasy feeling in Maria's stomach.

Letting go of his hand, Maria shook Gradient's hand afterwards and before long, the two had already made their way to their fateful destination of Amadnésam. Smiling to herself, she put her hands back in her pockets once more and continued walking forward. Even with how weird the situation might have been, she walked away unscathed, and even managed to help them in the very end. The glow in her eyes slowly began to fade away once more, and following the street signs, she made it to the café that she had originally intended to go to. It already felt like hours had passed since the thought first came up in her head, but finally able to sit down, she exhaled deeply, letting herself unwind completely, leaving only one thought in her mind.

**"I need a coffee."**