# GHOST - Story
**Mika Andzákin**, **Dáritke**'s prodigy and also known as *The Ghost*: A stealth netrunner that has been working for Dáritke for as long as he could remember. Despite his exposed and colourful neurotech accentuating the majority of his body, his signature is that he remains out of sight, and travels through towers and streets as if he were a *ghost*, unseen by the majority. 
## GHOST
### Watch your steps
*// POV: Mika* \
*// Ódóni Industries, Álef*

*"Floor 3. Server room A6D. Vault 35. Tray 12. Neurokicks are there. Extract the tray. Watch your step. Good luck."*

**"The usual."** I think to myself, as I lock my phone, seeing my masked face in the reflection. It wasn't the prettiest of designs, but the yellow lines on the mask did differentiate me from the others. It wasn't an oddity for people like me to wear simple scarfs or masks while on a mission like this, but it was more than important to know just who you're up against. *Dáritke* wore yellow, the *Agency* would usually wear cyan or turquoise, and the police would always show up in black and silver. The second you see silver shimmer in the corner of your eye, it's already be too late. 

Putting my phone in my pocket, I check my pistol in the other, feeling its heat even through the glove I was wearing. It were experimental weapons, but they served their purpose: Harmless takedowns. *"Keep your weapons armed and warmed"* was always said before missions, *"You don't want that failing on you in combat."* Shaking my head, and gently slapping my own cheeks to keep myself awake and focused, I gradually make my way up the tower to the third floor. I was in the garbage disposal area, where cameras were limited. Having done a similar mission a couple of times before, it wasn't tough for me to break my way into the tower, picking the electronic lock with ease, simply by tapping my wrist against it. That by itself isn't something most runners do, because you don't know how much a surgery like that would impact you, but it was a given for me. I've been doing such missions since I was young, picking locks and backdoors with electronics and neurotech, so it was an easy choice to make, and a way for me to further develop any sorts of skills I had acquired, and those that lay before me would be even easier to achieve.

Nevertheless, I quietly closed the door behind me, and put on the slim earpiece from my bag that was given to me. Taking out a stopwatch as well, I took a deep breath, and pressed start on the timer, whispering **"Entry successful. Quiet steps now."** into the earpiece as a means of a log, before quietly making my way up to the third floor. 

Before long, I'd made my way to the third floor without getting noticed, and entered the server room I had to be in, keeping the door open behind me as a means of easily remembering where to exit from again. **"Vault 35.. Tray 12.. 35.. 12.."** I muttered to myself, double checking very noise that echoed through the surprisingly quiet server room, in hopes that there'd be no security check right at this very moment. They always happen hourly, and if timed right, I could empty this entire tray into my bag and make my way out even quicker than I entered. Taking a deep, but quiet breath, I open the server rack the same way I opened the backdoor, and quietly opened the huge, glass panel that kept every Neurokick sealed away securely, as far as "secure" goes, anyway. I counted the trays once more, ending at tray 12. and carefully placed every Neurokick that was on top of it in the backpack. It seemed easy enough, but something felt very off about just *how easy* this was going. Neurokicks shouldn't be this easily accessible, the fact I made my way to A6D was already quiet enough, and I made sure to avoid cameras, but at this point I became excessively nervous. Did I miss a camera? Are my ears failing me? I didn't bother thinking too deeply into what *could* happen, and put the last two Neurokicks in my back, keeping my focus on what *is* happening. 

Quietly zipping my bag up, I make my way back to the door where I had initially come from, only to find it closed again. **"Hadn't I kept that open..?"** I think to myself, ticked off far enough to rest my hand on my pistol, ready to confront anything that would step in front of my path to the exit, the weight of the Neurokicks noticeably pulling me down to the floor. The heat of the pistol was still prominent through my glove, I take it out of the holster, and start to walk around the server room. My senses told me that there was someone present in this very room, and had somehow entered without me hearing it. But, with hearing like mine, how?

*"Dumb fucking dog."*

A gunshot grazed my ear, and I immediately fired back across the aisle, nearly tripping over my own steps while more gunshots fly past me. I make my way behind one of the server racks, barely managing to scramble together another battery and figuring out how many shots I had left. 25 in total. I could fence this guy off with that. Fully aware that I was short on time, I checked my bag in a hasty manner, making sure to keep the Neurokicks safe, while equipping a simple old-school flashbang as well. 

*"Your steps aren't silent enough, not even your own ears pick it up. A flashbang most definitely won't help you keep quiet."* I heard the man giggle from nearby, much closer than I'd liked him to be. Once more, I realise that I hadn't heard him at all. He entered the room without any sound, and now stepped towards me without a single sound either. Was this guy supernatural? This seemed impossible. Taking a deep breath, hoping that it'd be quiet enough, I fire two shots to my left and toss the flashbang to my right. After a moment, the flashbang goes off, the noise of the blast giving me enough time to climb on top of the server racks and subsequently track the guard to take him down. I keep my pistol drawn, its heat still burning through my glove, giving me worries that I might have already overheated it from those few shots. Even then, my finger remained on the trigger, disregarding any disciplines I was taught, but knowing this pistol couldn't harm someone lethally, I couldn't be bothered anymore.

My finger immediately draws to the trigger and instinctively aims to my back, hearing a single step and a quiet laugh as I carefully take a step backwards myself, away from his sounds. Any sort of trust I had in my own hearing was lost, especially with how weirdly this guard was moving between his positions from one moment into the other. I had 23 shots left, which should grant me enough ways to escape and keep myself safe, but I continued to hold my finger on the trigger, making no premature actions until I felt like I had no other options but to shoot. Keeping my pistol aimed at wherever his sounds were coming from, I started to scan around the room from above the server racks, locating and finding exits that could pose a safe way for me to extract. My eyes land on a stairwell at the edge of the server room, which would be about a 100 metre run. 

Lost in my thoughts, I once more failed to notice where the guard had moved, only to get reminded by a bullet that had hit my right lower leg. Losing my balance, I tip over and desperately try to break my fall from the server racks, already having lost where the shot even came from. I grinded my teeth in pain, wasting no time in wrapping a bandage around the wound, knowing that I was completely out of time, and had to make my way out, immediately. \
*"For a runner, it seems your journey ends here. Wounded, like prey."* \
I was starting to get sick of this guy's voice. \
*"And it seems like you are clueless as to what kind of predator you're up against."* \
Having had enough, I quit thinking rationally and pulled two pins, one smoke grenade, one decoy grenade, and responded snarkily before running off. \
**"You seem to be clueless about what you're guarding. Find a new job."**

Fighting through my wounds, I fired five more shots through the smoke that had filled the aisle, and ran for my life. The cybernetics that were put into my body many years ago finally fired up, giving me the strength I needed to deal with the gunshot wound for the time being. With adrenaline surging through my veins, I felt faster than ever before. Making my way to the door, I shoot twice before me and twice behind me, destroying the terminal and forcing the door to open while sprinting towards it. **"The things I do for Dáritke.."** I mumble to myself, making my way out the door and descending three floors as fast as I could. Tapping my earpiece, I breathe heavily, struggling to properly create a highlight for the log as I stumble over my own words. **"A6D.. 32 12.. acquired-. Hostile activity.."** I manage to spurt out while clumsily reaching for Vikram's contact details on my earpiece, dialling him immediately after.

*"Mika! Great to hear you! How's th-"* \
**"No time, Vikram. Neurokicks acquired, shots fired, find me an escape."** \
Clearing his throat, Vikram takes a second to collect his thoughts and get a glimpse of the situation, immediately adjusting to the sudden change of pace. \
*"Álef metro. Enter at Ald Nódori. Exit at Egórecë. We'll await you there. Departs every 5."*
**"Egórecë? Are you insane?"** \
*"Listen, Mika. Do you want to live, or do you want to die on the way out? I don't care that you cross through Kristánisin, The Agency won't have interest in you anyway. Just go, next in 4."* \
I shook my head, taking a deep breath upon reaching the ground floor while the sirens in the building became louder with every second. \
**"Copy. Locking down and extracting. See you in Egórecë."**

### Code 5
*// POV: Mika* \
*// Metro da Máneá, Egórecë*

*Nest halt: Egórecë. Sette Metro fortsettést di: Egórecë-Júgul, Osselev, i Bwiskvá.* \
With stress refusing to leave my body, I nervously pressed the marked *"HALT"* button on one of the pillars in the metro. Ever since transferring at Álef, I felt like I was continuously being watched, and the adrenaline that my neurotech continued to produce and pump into my veins didn't help in the slightest either. Vikram had told me that passing through Kristánisin wouldn't be a problem, but even so, I couldn't help but worry that The Agency would still attempt to capture me, whatever their motive might be. \
Finally, the metro came to a halt at the once beautifully decorated metro station of Egórece, which had deteriorated even further in the past couple of years. The upkeep of the stations was terrible, the only stations that didn't look like a mess were those of the capitals and airports, and Egórece wasn't either of those. With a deep sigh, I put my scarf back over my mouth, the yellow stripes making their appearance again. While the markings helped me to stand out for Vikram to easily spot me, it also make me an easy target for any other agency that had put money on me to collect their bounty in a mere second.

With my heart pounding in my chest and adrenaline surging through my veins, I held the straps of my backpack with the Neurokicks tightly, making sure I wouldn't be able to lose it. Looking around frantically for any threats or suspicious people, I feel a slight tingle go through my legs, as if my neurotech sensed a threat in the distance and prepared my body to flee. But even then, I made my way up to the stairs as calmly as I could while the quiet whine of the metro departing veers off into the tunnel at the end of the station. The feeling of being watched refused to exit my mind, and I started to look around the station even more nervously as the feeling that I was being watched and hunted increased tenfold. 

Tapping my earpiece, I contacted Vikram, updating him on my whereabouts and where the extraction would be. \
*"Mika! I take it you're in Egórecë?"* \
I nodded, whispering back quietly while walking through the hallways of the metro station, doing my best to not stand out: **"I have, making my way to the exit now, feeling like I'm being watched. Can you confirm?"** \
*"Cannot right now, Mika."* Vikram replied almost immediately. *"I'm afraid we have uninvited guests over at Egórecë too, so details are limited."* \
**"Understood, code 5?"** \
*"Correct! Take to the skies, as they say!"* Vikram replied, immediately breaking the connection right after as I made my way towards the exit. "Take to the skies" was what Dáritke understood as "Code 5", which was one of the emergency escapes they had established when Dáritke was first approached by the police many years ago. The goal was simple on paper: Reach the top of Hád Bésim Tower, and a helicopter will pick you up there. In practice, it's not as easy as it sounds. Hád Bésim is a tower with 74 floors, and even for a runner like me, that takes an extreme toll on you. And to make matters worse, it's also heavily guarded by police. 

I shook my head, taking the stairs to exit the Metro station, and immediately looked to the sky to see Hád Bésim tower above me. I sighed deeply, fastening my backpack extra tightly as I made my way towards the tower, forming my plan to enter and reach the top once more.

### Take To The Skies
*// POV: Mika* \
*// Hád Bésim Tower, Egórecë*

Tapping my left shoulder, I felt a surge of adrenaline go through my veins. Closely inspecting the flow of blue liquid rushing through my arm, it shined brightly in the darkening sky. It was almost 9pm, the sun was beginning to set and the natural light was beginning to drop. With another tap, the glow of the liquid dimmed, and vanished altogether, and my cloak activated. **"Out of sight.."** I whispered to myself, carefully stepping towards the back of the tower, and finding another locked door near the garbage disposal. Just like the Ódóni tower, surveillance here was low, but I couldn't take any further risks. I had already gone through Kristánisin, took the public metro, and yet, Vikram said that I was actively being watched, so I couldn't risk being seen by anyone, anywhere.

Inspecting the terminal on the lock next to the locked garbage door, I raised my wrist, the orange glow already appearing as the rabbit recognised a lock mechanism. With a dimmed flash, the terminal's screen disabled for a moment, and the door opened by itself. **"Easy enough."** I scoffed to myself, looking around me once more to check for any cameras that I might have missed, but luckily, I made my way through just fine. But quietly closing the door behind me, the next set of issues became clear to me. My eyes locked onto a camera feed that hung above the door I had just closed, which cycled between the various camera feeds throughout the tower. One thing seemed to repeat itself no matter the camera: The walls were dressed in white and gold, and police was present everywhere. I sighed deeply, my cloak was beginning to expire already, and needed a recharge somewhere safe. Without much further thought, I tucked myself behind a bookshelf, and took a deep breath. The walls were fairly thin, and I could easily hear people walking past. Some were talking about everyday topics, about business, but others were definitely talking about the elevated police presence here right now. I let out another deep breath, disabling the cloak, and letting it recharge for a moment while coming up with a way to reach the top of the tower.

A few minutes had past, and the feint glow on my arm told me that my cloak had been recharged. Even with how powerful and rare such neurotech was, it had its drawbacks too, but having learned how to use it just right, it wouldn't be such a big deal for me. Taking another deep breath, I listened to the steps in the hallway next to me. During the time I let my cloak recharge, the activity in the halls dropped drastically. I could re-enable it for just a moment to sneak my way out and find a way to reach the top, and sighing deeply, I stepped back away from the bookshelves and reached for the door after tapping my shoulder once more. 

Opening the door slightly, I peeked through the gap I had created. The halls were dressed in white and gold, reflecting the adjacent walls and the lights that hung above them, but there was nobody walking through the halls. I opened the door further, forcing my head through the gap, and looked to my right, only to see a similar sight. Apart from one camera as the very edge of the hall, and a few plants next to the walls, the one-busy hallway was now completely desolate, giving me the perfect opportunity to move and relocate myself. Carefully, I opened the door and forced my way through, closing the door quietly behind me, and made my way to the elevator across the hall. I had to be quick, but quiet, and enabling my cloak one step further, my steps would be silenced too. All that would appear on the camera feed would be a strange blur moving across the hall, but that would get shrugged off by the security guards. Keeping my ears out and active, I continuously scanned and listened to my surroundings while moving forward. It was eerily quiet, and reaching the elevator almost seemed *too* easy for me. 

With about 5 minutes left on my cloak, I reached the elevator shaft. I found myself on the main floor, and knew that there were about 4 more floors that would go down. Obviously, reaching the top would cost plenty of time with how many people were present in the tower, and my cloak would run out in the elevator itself. I would be caught red handed once more, and couldn't take such a risk. \
Looking behind me, I saw a camera feed behind me, and knowing I would get caught trying to open the doors to force my way in, I sighed deeply, and tapped my earpiece.

**"Vikram? Visitors still there?"** I whispered quietly. My cloak could only cover so much, and my voice would be suppressed to others as long as I kept quiet enough. \
*"Visitors are gone, Mika! Are you at the top?"* Vikram replied into my earpiece a few seconds after. But opening my mouth to reply, he already cut me off before I could even formulate a response. *"Seems you are not. Hád Bésim has terrible security! Did you know that?"* He laughed. \
I sighed quietly under my breath, still waiting beside the elevator. **"There's a camera eyeing me before the elevator. Can't force my way in. Can you disable it, or force them open?"** \
Vikram didn't reply right away, but I could hear him frantically typing on his keyboard. Keeping my eyes on the camera at the end of the hall, I saw the activity light remain on continuously, as if Vikram was keeping his eyes on me. Clearing his throat, Vikram finally replied to me while my cloak was beginning to run out, and steps were approaching from the far distance. *"The feed cycles every 20 seconds. They have you in sight for that time, then face away. Like a switch going on and off."* As he continued talking, I could hear the elevator approach to my right as well, as the number went down all the way to **-1**. *"I have a trick up my sleeve! Security is approaching from the western wing, the feed disables in 5 seconds. Get ready to force your way in!"* \
Without a warning, the elevator doors opened to my right, and taking a second to process what was happening, I realised that I was now staring down at the top of the elevator. Despite my cloak running out and security approaching, I carefully stepped into the elevator shaft, hiding in the corner while the doors slowly closed as soon as I passed through them. Despite the darkness, a light blue glow served as my only light, and my cloak disabled itself to recharge once more, revealing the liquid flowing through my arm. **"Too close, Vikram."** I sighed, hearing the steps of the security pass the elevator. My voice echoed through the shaft, and looking up, it seemed to go up infinitely, without any sort of light anywhere to see. *"I disabled the elevator for public use. I'll send it up slowly to Floor 73, you'd get crushed on floor 74."* Vikram whispered to me in my earpiece, and the elevator gradually began moving upwards. A long, slow journey upwards was ahead, but wanting to reply, Vikram cut me off once more. *"Mika, make your way to the emergency exit on Floor 74, and inform me when you get there. The helicopter will be there shortly after. Your cloak is ready once you're up, good luck!"* \
**"Understood"** I replied, followed by a deep sigh. I saw myself down on the roof of the elevator, and patiently waited for the next 73 floors to pass.
### GHOST
*// POV: Mika* \
*// Hád Bésim Tower, Egórecë*

With a quiet *ding*, the elevator slowed down to reach a stop once more, and with a deep breath, I tapped my shoulder twice once more to re-enable my cloak now that it had recharged. Standing back up, the doors opened before me, and my heart sank in my chest as soon as I saw what was before me. **"Great.. crowded.."** A lot of eyes were now staring at elevator doors that had opened before them, only to show nobody behind the doors, and no elevator either. Without hesitating too much, and without Vikram instructing me further in my ears, I quickly stepped out of the elevator shaft, and made my way towards the stairwell to reach the top floor. I had to use extra care with my steps, slipping or tripping once would create too much noise, and would immediately alert security that something was going on. Masked by the noise of people, I proceeded forward as quietly as I possibly could. Expecting the worst, I pressed against my pistol on my waist, pushing the safety knob to *off*, and let it warm up in case I would get spotted.

To my surprise, I managed to manoeuvre steadily through the masses of people, and sneaked my way past the various security guards that were holding every angle and corner of the floor as well. It seemed some sort of anniversary was being held hear, *a party on to of the Hád Bésim?* I shook my head, and didn't bother too much dipping my fingers in discovering what the reasoning behind the huge crowd and presence was. I needed to flee, and my cloak was already reaching its end. Without further ado, I made my way to the stairwell that would bring me up a floor, and promptly made my way upwards, making sure to open and close the doors in the most unnoticeable way possible. 

Reaching Floor 74, I took another peek through the glass walls that decorated the stairwell. It wasn't nearly as busy as the floor below, but a few people, who I presumed to be the guests, were still walking around here. I wasn't able to eavesdrop, their voices were too faint, but refusing to let curiosity get the better of me, I forced myself up another floor, to reach the helipad on the roof of Hád Bésim. **"Below the helipad now, Vikram, ETA?"** I signalled to Vikram, keeping my ears out for the sound of a helicopter approaching within the next few minutes. *"Two.. maybe three minutes. Say, Mika, you didn't get a coffee, did you? That took a while!* He laughed back. Disabling my cloak to let it recharge once more, I laughed along with him. **"No vanilla latte's in the machine, wasn't worth it. Did stumble upon an anniversary party, you know anything about that?"** \
It stayed quiet for a few moments, but I didn't hear Vikram type away on his keyboard either. Something was definitely off about the crowd on the floor below me, but it seemed neither of us could pinpoint the reason why. \
*"Not.. quite, Mika. Did you see any banners, or managed to eavesdrop? I see nothing about events in Hád Bésim, it must be kept from the public."* \
I shook my head. **"Nothing but orange banners. Couldn't identify text, not logos, or the likes."** \
*"Food for thought.."* Vikram sighed, something that I rarely heard him do. The tone in his voice told me enough about how he felt. Whereas he was usually the know-it-all within Dáritke, it wasn't often that he wouldn't be on top of something from the get-go, or within a minute. But this time around, he seemed to be truly lost on what was happening in Hád Bésim tonight. *"Mika, the helicopter should be here in about a minute or two, make your way to the pad unseen and board it the second it lands. We'll await you in Deth-Kelétam!"* \
**"Understood"** I firmly replied, turning on my cloak one last time, a cold shiver going through my body as it was beginning to put more and more stress on my health. **"I'll see you there. Mika out."**

Pushing the hatch above me away, I realised that the sun had set completely while I was, and all that provided light were the neon lights and banners that decorated the streets of Egórecë. Peeking through the hatch, I couldn't see any sort of presence on the roof, which already stuck out as a red flag to me. *Who leaves a helipad unguarded?* I thought to myself, forcing my way through the hatch to get on proper footing again on the roof. Looking around me after standing back on the both of my feet, I found the large helipad to my west, and could already hear the feint noise of a helicopter approaching me. I sighed deeply, making my way towards the pad, before suddenly overhearing another person's voice. *"Heli isn't coming this way, is it? That's unauthorised."* \
The footsteps were approaching me, and turning around, I could see a group of four security guards making their way towards the helipad behind me. My cloak was already beginning to run out, and two of the guards were wielding rifles as well. **"Fuck me sideways.."** I thought to myself, biting my lip to keep myself from panicking and having myself caught or killed after already achieving what I thought was impossible. I checked my shoulder, and only had about 30 seconds left before my cloak would run out, and reveal my presence to the guards. I couldn't fire my pistol either to neutralise the four of them, the blast wouldn't be cloaked and it'd only reveal my location either. But stepping forward to the helipad, I made my way to the top and stood at the centre, keeping my eyes fixated on the iron staircase that was clattering loudly as the guards made their way to the top. The helicopter was approaching landing distance, and would land within a minute. With a deep sigh, my cloak ran out, the blue liquid in my arm beginning to flow and shimmer brightly in the night sky yet again, sticking out like a sore thumb in the middle of the helipad. *"You! Raise your hands, you're not authorised to be here!"* One of the guards yelled at me with his weapon raised But lifting my arm out before me, my other hand holding my left shoulder firmly, I forcefully re-enabled my cloak, and disappeared from the helipad altogether.

**"Útën séskem. ("*Out of sight*")"** 

Immediately, I rushed my way towards the first guard, and forced my arm around his throat, pressing it tightly against it as he struggled to keep his rifle up and at the ready. *"What.. Hnnggh.."* was the only sound he managed to make, causing concern in the other members of his squad, who were now frantically looking around them, and looking at the guard, trying to make out where they were seeing things or not. With their subject having vanished from sight, and one of their members now collapsing to the floor after being choked out by a strange force, what was going on? Without much further hesitation, I took the pistol from my hip and fired my last two remaining shots in the battery at the last guard that was wielding a rifle, leaving behind two more guards that saw their colleague collapse to two flashes of light. I put my pistol back in its holster, making my way to the guard that now stood with fear overwhelming him before me, unaware that I was looking him dead in the eyes. Without much thought, I landed a blow in his gut, immediately causing him to collapse on the ground before me. My emergency cloak was reaching its end, my stamina was running out, and the continuous adrenaline surges were putting stress on my body that it could barely handle anymore. But with relief, the helicopter landed as soon as I made my way back to the helipad. The fourth and last guard had veered off into the distance, or made his way downstairs to alert the other patrol guards that were guarding the hall. But that didn't matter too much to me anymore. Disabling my cloak, an immense pressure washed over me as soon as I made my way into into the helicopter, causing me to fall to my knees right away. Being tended by a commander in the helicopter, I didn't manage to keep my eyes open for much longer, and collapsing on the floor of the heli, the only sensation I could feel was lifting off from the pad, and passing out from the immense strength this mission needed me to take.

### What happens next?
The plan is to make a followup story, an interlude snippet, where Vikram tends to Mika's mission and the fact that he needed to use Stage 3 of his cloak neurotech, something that was internally known as the **Ghost Protocol**. Being forced to utilise this protocol to escape the four guards he was forced to face during his escape attempt in Hád Bésim, especially while already having run out of a charge for his cloak, this put an extra amount of stress on his body, and on his neurotech, which Vikram will point out to him. \
After this conversation between the two, Mika readjusts and recovers well, and is promptly sent on a mission to **Miami, SS**, to complete the trade in an *Abandoned Factory*, where he will hand over the Neurokicks he had just stolen from Ódóni to an interested buyer on Earth. That story is already being developed at [[HEAD TO HEAD - Story]].
