# HEAD TO HEAD - Story
The year is **2075**. Long after the **United States** collapsed, and PALMER-EDEN had taken over. Ever since, the States had rearranged, had been divided and reunited countless times, before reaching the point where they are in the current year. PALMER-EDEN had scaled down to just the nation of Illinois, most of the north and northeast was now part of Canada, and the states that revolted against the reign of PALMER-EDEN were met with obliteration, until the formation of the Southern States. While still recovering from the loss of life and property, the state of **Florida** seemed to have recovered like nothing happened, with **Cape Canaveral** now serving home to connections on Earth, and connections to Lúniks. And for Dáritke, this opens a door for grey market trades.

## HEAD TO HEAD - Story
### Synopsis
**Mika**, on his most recent mission for **Dáritke**, is sent to **Florida, SS** to close a trade for Neurokicks that they had acquired a few weeks prior. Tagging along with the **ELE**, he enters a flight to **Cape Canaveral** and is thereafter planned to go to **Miami** to meet the representative in an older, abandoned factory dating back many decades before. Once there, he is instead met with closed doors, and with the age of the factory, has to force himself inside by other means that are not digital, but doing so successfully while waiting for a signal from the representative, he begins a little exploration mission of his own to learn more about the factory, its place in the outskirts of **Miami**, and learns more about the destruction that **PALMER-EDEN** had caused on not just **Florida**, but every State on the Atlantic Coast.

At the same time, **Gradient** is on a mission here with **Hammerhead**, although alone in the factory. The two pick up one another's sounds, and begin to track each other down, before suddenly finding themselves looking down the barrel of each other's pistols.

### In with the old
*"Travellers to: Florida, Southern States. Departure in ten minutes."*

The automated announcements were fairly soothing to listen to, and despite such a crowded corridor, still sounded crisp and clear to every person in the boarding hall. **"Ten minutes.. Should board.."** Mika mumbled to himself, holding the pass dearly in his hand. **Cape Canaveral**, he would be departing for today, a place on Earth that had seen many space flights a century ago, and even more history ever since. But Mika wouldn't travel here for a chitchat, or to learn more about the history of how humanity once came to settle Lúniks, he was going to close the Neurokick trade that he had stolen from Ódóni a month ago. 

Stepping through the gate after having his pass scanned, he cautiously walked through the otherwise empty tube that led him to the interstellar ship that would bring him to Earth in just under 10 minutes. He didn't really know anything about the ins and the outs of the ship, all that mattered to him is that it would bring him safely to **Cape Canaveral**, and eventually, **Miami**, where his final stop was. Taking a window seat, one that *Kasper* had reserved for him, he looked back at the airfield to the left. He'd flown a few times before to Zhuehai, because it would simply take too long to reach it by train and ferry, so it wasn't a strange sight for him to see the various planes and spaceships arrive and depart from his window view. But before long, the tube let go of the spaceship and left behind the sealed door, and the almost-empty spaceship to Earth was about to depart.

The strange feeling of a cosmic force pressing on your body was something that would always remain. Even 70 years after the departure of **One**, kickstarting the settlement of Lúniks, there would always be a feeling of butterflies in your stomach when you travel through the *Panjit Loop*. But distracted by the mission form in his hands, Mika didn't notice this all too much. The only thing that caused him to look up from the form, were the streaks of light passing by his window as the ship went through the loop. And as soon as they had appeared, they quickly reached a standstill in space again, coming face to face with the blue planet of Earth. *"Dear passengers-"* The intercom crackled right away, *"We have arrived at Earth. Standby for landing in Florida."*

**"That's.. fast.."** Mika mumbled to himself, his eyes now fixated on the unfamiliar planet right outside his window. To him, it was the same experience as the original crew of the exploration ships had in 2005. The feeling of familiarity with the planet, while also knowing that this was a place they'd never been to before. \
The landing happened smoothly, and went according to the tight schedule and protocols that Mika was more familiar with, akin to regular flights that he'd taken before. Taxiing off the runway, it wasn't long before the tube connected with the spaceship, and unsealed the door, allowing Mika and the other passengers to exit.

It didn't take long before he found himself back in a seat once more. The train station was right underneath the air- and spaceport, and setting himself an alarm, he dozed off momentarily, as the train quietly made its departure from underneath **Cape Canaveral**, it was set to terminate at **Miami**, where Mika was set to go.
### What once was 
The train station was surprisingly crowded. Mika had heard numerous stories about how **Florida** was totally devastated and left in ruins after the bombings in **2035**, but 40 years later, it seemed to him like none of that was visible anymore. The majority of the State, especially the north, was reduced to merely a desert landscape, and only served home to a few corridors for public transport and a few highways, but didn't seem to serve home to any of its citizens. Shaking his head, he steps out through the gates, and made his way to the old factory he was set to go, a few minutes by foot away.

Stretching his arms, Mika reaches the factory a little over 10 minutes later, and promptly walked to the backdoor where he was tasked to break into. Already lifting his left wrist, he realises that there's no automated safety system to be found, rendering his wrist rabbit virtually useless. **"That's great."** He scoffs sarcastically, tapping his right shoulder gently as blue liquid begins to flow through his arm. **"Oldschool buildings, oldschool break-in."** He didn't have a classic pistol on hand that could break the lock in one shot, of course, having gone through interstellar travel. But in his backpack, he did have a lockpick set that he carried in case his wrist rabbit would fail him in "the worst case". Even with his wrist rabbit functional, he couldn't use it to break into the factory, so taking a pin from the set, he carefully inserts it into the lock, hearing a series of *clicks* as he forced it into the lock, twisting it along the way. Finicking with the lock, it suddenly opens, pushing the door forward and catches Mika off guard as he almost trips forward into the dusty, abandoned factory. 

Carefully and quietly closing the door behind him, he takes a moment to adjust to the darkness of the factory. Despite the roof having broken open in a few spots, it wasn't nearly enough to light up all the corners of the enormous factory. Looking at the various heavy machinery, automated processes that had been abandoned, he checks his watch. **"Two hours early. Could take a peek around."** He mumbles to himself, deciding to go right to the old main floor office, eager to discover what the factory was once used for before it was abandoned. 

To his surprise, the door to the office wasn't locked, and carefully twisting the knob, he entered inside. The windows were originally meant for those in the office to keep an eye at the main floor at all times, and he could see various red buttons to immediately halt the machines in case of an emergency, but after being closed off for so long, the glass had turned opaque from the dust, and the colours of the furniture had faded too, being coated in a generous layer of dust. On various signs and documents, he could frequently see the same names being passed along. **"United States"**, and the flag of the Southern States, with many more stars. It didn't make too much sense to Mika, but now having discovered this, he wasn't going to stop here, he wanted to learn much more.

Tapping his left shoulder, a shiver went through his body, and he activated his cloak. Despite having doubts that this factory would still utilise a camera feed, he didn't want to take any risks at all. After all, he didn't want to disturb the trade he was set to complete either. Stepping towards the back of the office, he began to peek through a series of drawers, most of which boiling down to financial reports, but a few stood out to him. **"Government papers.."** He whispered to himself. He found a few folders regarding development for **PALMER-EDEN**, and another drawer dedicated exclusively to a project named **"Ultima"**. Things were beginning to ramp up, and making sure not to overstuff his backpack, he took a few documents to read through, and to bring home. Classified or not, these were left behind to collect dust, it couldn't hurt for a stranger to take a peek at them, right? He skipped through more drawers, finding documents dating back to **2035**, and out of curiosity, he opened a page titled "Distress signal". It appeared to be an automatically generated log of some sorts, but to his surprise, was mostly written in a legible language.

*"LOG_ENTRY 467534. DATE: 230835* \
*TYPE: DISTRESS. BLACKBOX.* \
*Office 1 (Main floor Main) has initiated an emergency evacuation.* \
*Given reason: Air raid sirens have been activated. Incoming air attack. Rockets of Illinoisan origin. Presumed to be launched by Palmer-Eden.* \
*Lockdown initiated. Machines halted. Evacuation protocol initiated.* \
*LOG_EXIT. If you are reading this, may the States be free once more."*

**"May the States be free once more.."** Mika mumbled to himself, repeating the last line of the log over and over again. **"Once more.. Have they not always been..?"** To Mika, the "United States" were always just another term to refer to the Southern States, in which he found himself now. He'd heard stories and legacies about Palmer-Eden, but hadn't they been Illinoisan since the start? The puzzle was beginning to appear before him, but he struggled to solve it. Canada's strange borders, the landlocked Central America, California, the Southern States, had they been united before? 

Shaking his head, he stuffs the last folder in his backpack as well and instead decides to walk around the factory. If they'd been under attack, what were they originally up to here? To his surprise, the factory seemed to be in the best shape it possibly could be in, there hadn't been rocket impacts here, so was it all a fluke, or another department's distress signal? Mika carefully closed the door behind him and began to walk upwards in the factory, reaching the upper levels and giving himself a view of the machinery from above. He felt like he was missing something obvious, it seemed like a standard steel factory, one that would supply Florida with all its needs considering its size. But the folder named **"Ultima"** continued to irk him. Something was being hidden from plain sight, or had been moved, but what could it possibly be?
### Head to Head
Walking further up the steel staircases to the top floor, he suddenly heard another step echo through the enormous halls of the factory. Steps that he wasn't taking. **"Someone else is present."** He thought to himself. Immediately checking his watch, he saw it was still 85 minutes away before the client would arrive for the Neurokick trade, and with Dáritke's tight and precise schedules, this couldn't be the client. Frantically tapping his left shoulder once more, he engages his cloak a step further, silencing his own steps while tracking those of the supposed intruder. Taking the pulse pistol out of his backpack, he begins to scan through the factory, the steps getting closer and closer, then disappearing into the distance again. Whoever it was, they weren't actively hunting for him, but Mika most certainly was after them.

With the volume of his steps silenced, Mika began to walk through the different floors of the balconies above the factory in search of the intruder. He could hear his own, quiet steps, but was nearing those of the figure he was trying to chase after. But every time he believed to be on the right floor, the steps vanished off into the distance, and from top to bottom, Mika scouted the floors, until he reached the main floor again without a result. Something particular came up in his mind, as he carefully took a handful of steps forward, hearing the steps follow closely behind him. The steps couldn't be his own, but neither would it make sense for those to be the intruder's. Experimenting just a bit more, looking behind him countless times, he finds nothing yet again. 

Taking two steps forward, he hears a delay in the echoes of the steps. Immediately reaching for his Pulse pistol on his hip, he takes it out of its holster and turns around in one swift motion, aiming down at the face of a seemingly young woman, who was aiming a more classic pistol at his own head. **"You're not the client."** Mika scoffed. *"You're not from HEART."* The voice replied.

***"Who are you?"***

Keeping their pistols raised at one another's head for a moment, Mika was the first to lower his own. Tossing it on the floor at his feet, he raises his hands in the air, showing no harm. Confused, the young woman lowers her pistol as well, as Mika begins to explain. **"Pistol wasn't warmed anyway. It wouldn't have fired, and yours is lethal as well."** He says, a notable tone of defeat in his voice as he kicks his pistol to the side as the figure before him holsters her own. **"Leaves me wondering nonetheless. HEART?"** \
*"Hammerhead Extraction And Rescue Team. The name's Gradient."* Gradient quickly replied, her stance still indicating a sense of unsafeness and alertness. \
**"Hammerhead, huh.."** Mika begins, slowly bouncing on his feet to break the awkwardness. **"What brings you to an abandoned factory in Miami of all places?"** \
Gradient crossed her cybernetic arms as Mika walked towards his pistol to retrieve and holster it once more, making sure to show her that he enabled safety. *"I was told I could find old documents from Palmer-Eden's research here."* She began, *"I didn't expect company. who are you?"* \
**"Mika Andzákin. Dáritke netrunner."** Mika was quick to reply, holding his hand out and offering a kind handshake. **"Have a trade here in about an hour, client from Florida, delivery from Máneá."**
Deflated, and clearly disappointed with Mika's answer, she instead turns to face away and made her way to the main floor office.

**"Palmer-Eden, you said?"** Mika suddenly interrupted her as she twisted the knob of the door. **"I'm intrigued. Tell me more, I have time to kill."**

### A trail of footsteps
Without wasting too much time, Gradient already made her way through the office door, quickly followed by Mika, who was already unpacking his backpack with the documents he found earlier. **"Went through the office earlier"** he began. **"Found these documents. You probably need them more than I do."** Carefully, Mika handed over the paper folders marked with "Palmer-Eden" and "Ultima". *"T-Thanks.."* She whispered back, eyeing the bold **PALMER-EDEN** lettering at the top of every single folder. *"These are unaltered, are they?"* \
Mika shook his head, shrugging his arms, before leaning against the dusty desk. It caved in slightly under his weight, and even if he was fairly slim, it only showed that the wood had aged terribly over the last few years. The warm and humid air of Florida wasn't doing it any better. **"Untouched, for all I know."** He sighed back, wrapping up his sleeve on his left arm to inspect his neurotech. But glancing at Gradient before him, she seemed to be miles deep into the various papers and folders that were hidden in the office. Time simultaneously passed slowly and rapidly, which began to annoy Mika. \
*"You mentioned you were from Máneá."* Gradient suddenly asked, breaking the silence and staring Mika deeply into his eyes with her brows furrowed. **"I am, yeah, asking why?"** \
Over the desk, she pushed a folder towards him, skating over the dust that had settled on the laminated wooden surface, leaving behind a trail. *"There's a PALMER-EDEN daughter industry in Máneá, it seems to be located in Amadnésam. Do you know anything about it?"* \
Taking a shallow breath, Mika took off the paperclip and skimmed through the pages. To his surprise, Gradient had been right. This folder was neither marked "PALMER-EDEN" nor "Ultima", and instead was presented with an enormous "SOLARdawn" typeface upfront. **"I've heard the name once before.."** he sighed, now reading the pages more narrowly, before eventually tracing what he was reading word for word. **"There *is* a research site in Amadnésam, which I can only presume to be SOLARdawn's, in this case."** He started, before standing back upright from the desk with his arms crossed. Staring before him, he knew that time was beginning to run out for him to meet with his client for the Neurokick trade, and yet, he was only starting to get more puzzled the more he thought about the strange history of the factory he found himself in. The client wanted to meet in this specific factory, on Earth, out of all places. What was so special about this place? **"I'm most confused about the dates on the pages."** He continued, glancing over at Gradient. **"This factory had been hit by an airstrike in 2035, one launched by Illinois, presumed to be PALMER-EDEN. But this folder dates back to 2062."** \
*"This factory isn't abandoned."* Gradient interrupted his thought process, staring him directly into his eyes. *"You have a client coming in less than 15 minutes. They might know more."* \
Mika sighed, and checking his watch, Gradient was right. Only 12 minutes remained before the specified time that he'd meet the client would strike. Taking off his backpack, he checked its contents once more, counting every box of Neurokicks inside to see if the order was still accurate. **"The windows are completely opaque, in 10 minutes, quiet down and I'll complete my trade. After that we can piece the puzzle together."** He whispered to Gradient, slowly warming up his pistol in case the worse were to happen. Gradient nodded in response, and almost professionally, she immediately resumed her work of skimming through the various folders. Mika sighed deeply before closing the door. **"As mysterious as she is.."** he whispered to himself, heading towards the rolling door at the very front of the factory. **"I'm part of her puzzle now, and she has the keys to fix it, I assume. Let's just get this trade done with, that's the boring part of the day."**
### Interest lost
Mika stood behind the door for the remaining 11 minutes, closing his eyes and staying in a cautious stance while waiting for the client. But lucky for him, time seemed to fly by, and before he knew it, someone was knocking on the door. *Knock twice, pause, knock once, pause, knock thrice.* Mika's ears perked up and he immediately napped out of his idle pose. **"Repeat, please."** He said towards the figure on the other end of the door, who promptly knocked once more. *Twice, pause, once, pause, thrice.* The pattern matched with what was given to Mika for identification, and with his neurotech idling once more, he turned around to face the door. 
**"Identify yourself, please."** He said at the door, his voice stern, completely unlike his usual, playful and informal character. \
*"Client Mike Mike November seventy five."* The voice replied, sharing a similar tone. \
**"Identity confirmed. I will open the door."** Mika replied, and immediately opened the door for the client, who was more formally dressed than he expected. He was fully suited, wearing tinted glasses and held a briefcase, completed by black earrings and surprisingly, a worn-out bucket hat. Holding out his hand, the client shook Mika's hand. **"I am Mika Andzákin, you must be here to complete our trade, correct?"** Mika asked professionally, his hands resting loosely before his stomach, giving off an overly formal appearance that he hadn't shown to Gradient before, let alone to anyone. The client nodded. *"Correct, twelve Ódóni produced neurotransmitters including control unit, in trade for the contents of this suitcase."* He said, standing upright. Mika bowed, and taking off his backpack, he retrieved three boxes with four neurokicks each. The client took a hold of them, and immediately inspected them, a smile appearing on his face as he seemed to be content with what Mika was offering him. **"Freshly stamped and produced in Álef. I hope these are to your likings."** Mika smiled, almost trying to upsell the client, who seemed to completely dismiss what he had just heard. *"I am pleased."* He replied, breaking character as he opened the briefcase. *"Like we agreed, here's the contents of the suitcase. Was the trip to Earth bearable at all? I've heard bad stories of upset stomachs during travel."* He laughed, revealing twelve stacks of money inside the suitcase, which Mika promptly traded one for one with the neurokicks as the two exchanged products. **"It turns your stomach for a little."** Mika chuckled back, not bothering to count the stacks of money individually to check if it was fully accurate. If a few dollars were missing, he could surely sell something on a grey market, or in the worst case, just withdraw a few dollars from an ATM at the train station. But the only thing on his mind now was the burning desire to learn more about the PALMER-EDEN papers that were hidden inside the office, and shaking the client's hand, the two completed the trade and waved goodbye to each other. 

Hearing the door clocks and fall into its lock, Mika exhaled deeply before slowly making his way back towards the office. **"I don't know how Kasper keeps a straight face during a trade."** He chuckled to himself, turning the knob on the office door to return to what he was doing before. But to his surprise, all papers seemed to be tidied up and wrapped back into their original folders. Gradient seemed to have found what she was looking for.
### Interest gained
*"Does Hád Bésim ring a bell?"* Gradient asked, staring Mika directly into the eyes as she was holding up a folder with contents directly related to the SOLARdawn branch in her hand. *"I might have found a lead."* \
Mika's eyes opened wide. **"Hád Bésim?"** He asked back in pure surprise. It seemed to be a clue that was far too obvious. He had escaped from the Hád Bésim tower after retrieving the Neurokicks that he had just delivered away to the client. **"I fled their tower in Egórecë after retrieving neurokicks in Álef. Is that relevant?"** \
Gradient sighed. *"I wouldn't know."* She started, crossing her metal arms once more, wrapping the folder between them. *"Did you by chance see anything related to SOLARdawn inside? Orange colouring, maybe?"* \
Mika nodded, envisioning the hallways before him once more. **"I've only seen orange banners, but no text or markings, or anything-."** \
*"We have a lead."* Gradient interrupted him, smiling slightly as she threw the folder with papers on the desk once more, causing a bit of dust to fly up. *"SOLARdawn is working under the radar. They have no public logo, slogans, aliases, or anything. This folder documents the various plans to flee Illinois and move to Máneá and continue their work as an anonymous Hád Bésim subsidiary."* \
**"Broad daylight, huh."** Mika laughed, crossing his arms. **"This answers a lot of Vikram's questions too, I can imagine."** \
Without much further ado, he helped Gradient gather all the folders she needed to grab and take with her, and looking around the seemingly-abandoned factory once more, the two set off into the scorching heat of Miami once more. Mika himself knew that he was a prime target with multiple stacks of money stuffed away in his backpack, but something about the woman that was walking beside him gave him a comforting, secure feeling. Whatever it was, she seemed to be much more skilled in combat than he was himself. If he was fully dependent on his Ghost-protocol, he would still lose in a one-off fight with her. 

It didn't take too much longer before the two reached the central train station in Miami once more, and the two waved each other goodbye for the time being. Mika would make his way back to Cape Canaveral, and Gradient would return towards her HEART team. But it refused to exit Mika's mind. Something was alluring about her, her entire being seemed to be surrounded with mystery, one that he couldn't even begin to pinpoint himself. It didn't take long before he already found himself back in a plane seat once more, and although this time it was much more crowded than when he flew towards Earth, he stared outside his window once more as the plane ascended towards the sky, and eventually towards open space. Her mission seemed to lead her and her team towards Amadnésam, and if Dáritke's plans really seemed to lead to abandoning Máneá for what it was and instead move all of their operations to Zakh'háfo, it would give him opportunities to see her once more in the alleys of Amadnésam. And maybe by then, she'd have the answers to the questions he was asking himself now. **"Only time will tell."** He smiled to himself, watching the light streaks race past his window as the ship made its way through the corridor. Only time would tell what the future would hold.