# INSIGHT - Story
"**INSIGHT**" is a working title, and is subject to change. \
"**INSIGHT**" is set to follow *Amica Ferrháida*, Codename **Azure**.

# Important Notice (December 2024)
**ONE - HOT IRON** and **TWO - IN THE FLESH** are subject to change. The direction of **INSIGHT**, which name is also still subject to change, has rendered these chapters *out of date* and *subject to change*. This means that the contents of these chapters no longer matches the direction of the story, and is no longer accurate, and will change in the near future.

## Concept
**Amica Ferrháida**, better known under her codename **Azure** due to her deep blue eyes, is an orphaned **Sirálian** Lupine (Leremkov) woman. At the age of 15, she already had plenty of experience with weaponry, and had been *fencing* since the age of 12, before picking up proper swordfighting from her 13th onwards. \
Her parents were both killed while en route to a mission in **Vao**. Even though her parents had done their best to hide their private lives from her at a young age, it was at the age of 14 that Amica learned that her parents were in fact *hitmen*, and had been doing this dangerous work far before she was even born. When she asked them, her dad claimed it was a *"Circuit they wish they could leave to raise her properly"*, but even so, on a fateful day in 2068, her parents did not come home on the agreed date, and she declared them MIA.

From thereon, Amica's life had lost all certainty. Now suddenly being orphaned, she picked up rebellious traits, and was soon seen regularly in fights at her school, ultimately leading to a denial into the college in **Mola** she had looked forward to studying in. From bad, it went to worse, and now having lost her only will to continue forward in life, one option remained: Vengeance for her parents, to tear the circuit down from inside out. And luckily, the Váiran Subterrane in Máneá had a spot open just for her. 

Mission one was straightforward: From a dark alleyway, eliminate a target as they pass it, and having no other choice, Amica (Who was given the codename "Azure" due to the colour of her eyes) sets foot into the small city of Iárne equipped with a silenced pistol, with the only mission of killing a "loose end" of the Subterrane. And with her experience with various weaponry that she had acquired in her youth, the mission went with ease. Physically, at least. Mentally, it was the start of an avalanche of horrors.

*"The first kill fucks with you. Your body, your core, your head. It shakes every fibre in your body, and disturbs you all day and night long. Your 100th kill grants you a medal."* - Victoria (Windbreak) to Amica (Azure), about the hellish climate within the Subterrane.

Slowly and surely, the increasing number of assassination missions that Azure was sent on began to eat away the last ounces of her personality. Her routine numbed her senses. Deploy, eliminate, extract. Deploy, eliminate, extract. The blood spilled endlessly, the scars accumulating over every inch of her body, until the fateful *mission #184*, that not only left her with a scar right through her face, but also poisoned with the remains of Maxim's, her target's, **Ultima organ**, internally and specifically known as the **Flame Heart**. It left her physique demolished, and eventually became the main reason that strange, cryptic *swirls* began to accumulate from the very tips of her fingers, all the way to her left shoulder, spreading over to her shoulder blades the more she attempted to learn how this strange "gift" she received from Maxim worked. 

Unfortunately, it's during this process that Azure learns the root goal of the Subterrane: Halting any form of research, whether it's for good or bad causes. In secret, with the help of Windbreak, she discovers the profiles of every person she's killed in the past, followed by their killer, and the list of many people that were set to follow. Despite her collapsed mental health, it's Windbreak that manages to bring back some sense into Azure, and almost immediately, the two realise just what they've been a part of. 

*"You're fleeing?"* \
**"Should I stay instead? And continue to thin out those that did no wrong?"** \
*"Amica, let's-"* \
**"Don't-"** \
*"Let's do this last mission together. I can leave my post with more ease than you can."* \
Windbreak took a hold of Azure's left hand, its ink-black swirls having gotten more prominent over the last few days. She took a page at random from the stash of papers on the table before them, face down. \
*"I picked at random. Flip it around and read it aloud, we'll take it on together."* \
Azure complied, and with her right hand, she carefully flipped the paper around. \
**"Pahlatlán, Thórirsant. Affiliated with Carbine Industries."** \
*"Don't pause, you just started."* \
**"Limáida. She's Sirálian. I can't do that."** \
*"Then let me do it, Amica."* \
Windbreak gently squeezed Azure's hand, her thumb pressing against the black swirls on the back of her hand. \
*"We'll take on this mission together. And after this, we won't go back underground."* \
Azure gulped. \
**"Okay, Victoria."** She began, moving her right hand to press on top of Windbreak's hand. **"Let's get going, one last time."**

The aim is to segment the story into several segments, these being:
- **01 - A regular mission** - To set the tone for what goes on within the Subterrane, and how this is handled within the underground and how Azure deals with this. 
- **02 - Mission #184** - Not only is this the most important event during Azure's time within the Subterrane, it's where she is left with her "signature" scar that passes through her left eye, but most importantly, where she receives the remains of a **Flame Heart**. It should include a wind-up, where Azure approaches the destination. A climax, where the actual fight takes place, and where she ultimately receives the **Flame Heart** from Maxim in his own sacrifice. And lastly, a long wind-down, where Azure assesses what had happened after coming back to her senses, and eventually returning to the Subterrane to further wind-down in the company of Windbreak.
- **03 - Mission #194** - Learning how to master her newfound ability that was granted to her by Maxim, she utilises the hidden power of the **Flame Heart**, and incinerates the body of her target in a manner completely new to her.
- **04-05 - Mission #153 / #221** - Attempting to continue to live life like "normal", even now that she's been "cursed" with a power she still doesn't understand, she digs through the files that have been hidden within the Subterrane during maintenance together with Windbreak, only to discover the true cause and mission of the Subterrane: Eliminating all sorts of research from the face of the planet. In shock, Azure decides on the spot to abandon the Subterrane, as Windbreak helped her come to her senses, especially now that she too came to this conclusion. Together, they decide to pick out one last mission that they would embark on together, and never return from. This is Windbreak's 153rd, and Azure's 221st mission, and is set to eliminate a person vital in the resurgence of the lost Carbine Research Industries in Pahlatlán where once stood a nuclear fusion reactor: **Maria Limáida**.
- **06 - The Road To Amadnésam** - After the mission "failed", Azure's Ultima anomaly continues to act up, after its been neglected ever since she was first poisoned with it during Mission #184. Crystals begin to form on top of the swirls that spread over her left arm, triggering and worsening with every following usage of her Flame Heart, leading up to something potentially dangerous that neither Azure nor Maria know of.
 
## ONE - HOT IRON
**September 15th, 2076** | **Váiran subterrane, 4th facility, Leth-Helehám** \
**Codename: Azure**

*// Considering INSIGHT is undergoing a more proper structuring, the raw numbers in this chapter specifically are subject to change.*
### Where there's smoke
A knock on the door reverberated through the small office cubicle near the edge of the auditorium. It housed a one-way window, which allowed whoever was inside the office to view the outside, but not the other way around, which allowed the roughed-up man who stood inside a glimpse of who the knocks on the door belonged to. His eyes opened wide momentarily, recognising the rough, long, and abandoned hair that was only visible in the corner of the window, but already told him enough. His brows furrowed, and with a hand gesture, the door opened soon after, allowing the young woman opposite the door to come inside. *"You're seven minutes early."* He grunted, his back facing the woman as he adjusted his glasses, taking two sheets of paper from the desk before him before turning around once more. The look on the woman's face was neutral, but her slightly elevated speed at which she breathed was actively telling the man before her that she had been in a hurry. Her right hand was at her waist, her hand resting above a holstered pistol, which was still smoking slightly, which would slowly begin to fog up the small cubicle. **"Is being early a crime?"** She scoffed back, now resting on one leg to loosen up the other and letting it cool down more properly. Clearing his throat, the man adjusted his glasses once more, and read the words written on the sheets of paper in his hands aloud. *"Azure, please recite your mi-"* \
**"Codename Azure. In service since 2074. Mission #423, kill #717."** She immediately interrupted him, both of her hands now resting on her waist as she stood in an annoyed fashion. Her hair reached down to about halfway her chest, and despite having a mixture of grey and black colouring, it was mostly being neglected. It was even messier than the long beard that belonged to the man before her, who shared Azure's annoyed expression, which he followed up with a deep sigh. Taking a pen from the small pocket in his jeans, he refused to make eye contact with her, and simply wrote down the facts that he had just heard. *"The target's remains?"* \
**"Incinerated."** Azure smiled back, her eyes opening wide, and her hand returning to the pistol that was holstered on her right leg. **"Are more details necessary?"** She grinned, eyeing the man deeply, but his expression remained unchanged. *"No.."* He sighed in response. *"I'll make something up. Just head into the auditorium for now."* \
Azure's smile remained on her face, and letting go of the pistol holstered on her leg, she simply turned around once more and quickly closed the old door behind her. "Director Heyere", it said below the one-way glass, and in just a few seconds, Azure had already stepped far away from the office in the very corner. 

*//*

Through the masses of people, Azure swiftly and effortlessly navigated towards the very front of the auditorium. Every single person within this crowd was similar to herself, a cold-blooded killer, whose only way of making it through life normally was by taking it from others by force. *717* people, she had killed ruthlessly. The evidence burned to the ground, reduced to even less than ashes. From over these seven hundred kills, at least six hundred were left without evidence, eighty had gone cold from lack thereof, and the remaining twenty had an active case. But even those cases wouldn't surface properly, with every witness being simply next in line. \
Finding herself unable to navigate further through the crowd, her ears perked upright, filtering out the voice of the presenter on stage through the endless sea of other voices from the masses of people surrounding her. Like usual, a target was being laid on the table, and from within the crowd, anyone that was interested or willing enough to take up the mission would receive further information. But even though she'd missed the majority of their details, she raised her hand, pointing up her index and middle fingers, poking out of the seas of hair. It didn't take long for her to get noticed at the very front at the stage. *"Peace sign upfront. Codename, killcount."* The presenter simply requested, their eyes locking with Azure's, who kept her hand raised in the air. **"Codename Azure. 717."** She simply replied, grinning widely as the presenter's eyes opened wide at the absurd number. The enormous amount of people surrounding her suddenly quieted down as he repeated the killcount, every pair of eyes turning into her own direction, while hers remained fixated on the presenter. A momentary silence and pause filled the otherwise enormous auditorium, but clearing his voice, the presenter resumed, gesturing her to another office just outside the main hall, where she was to receive more information. Nodding once, she swiftly turned around, all eyes following her as she walked towards the exit. The mission was hers.

### Under four eyes
The quiet whistle of a bronze shell rushing piercing rapidly through the foggy air echoed through the alleys, but on the opposing end, the quiet whistle was soon followed by the much louder groan of a middle-aged man, which soon collapsed to the floor, his knees falling flat on the tiled floor, right into a puddle of water. A quick glance at his left foot revealed the source of the sudden fall, and the sudden sensation of a stinging, burning feeling spreading up from his toes to his shins. Another bullet found its way through the air, towards the man, now hitting him in his left arm, but reaching no further. Horrified, he looked to his left, not only hearing the sound of heavy boots heading towards his direction, but seeing the person that the gunshots belonged to rapidly approaching him. A dangerous expression was on her face, her eyes a bright, glowing blue, barely hidden by the enormous amount of black, grey, and white hair that decorated her soaked coat. But the horror in his eyes wasn't because of the gunshots, no, it was the smile on her face that horrified him. And now that he was immobile, he could only watch the woman approach him. *"N-.. No..!!"* He tried to cry out, but attempting to crawl away, he was unable to divert his eyes away from hers. Her right hand was still resting against her waist, the pistol that personally fired the two shells that were now embedded into his body held tightly in her hand, covered by a satin, red glove. Smoke was still seeping out of the silenced barrel all the way at the front. The grin remained on her face, and slowly, she raised her left hand to her lips, shushing him without saying a word, without making a noise. 

**"I'll be nice, I like your expression."** She suddenly whispered, having squatted down right beside the man, who was still in the same spot as before. His legs were soaked, having sat in the puddle this entire time, which was gradually turning a deeper and deeper red as his own blood mixed with the afternoon's rainfall. *"You.. W-wh..-"* \
**"Shhh. I'm in control."** She immediately interrupted the man, her fingers on her lips once more, while her other hand was still resting on the trigger. Any unprovoked action would immediately be punished, and with his heartrate faster than ever before, the man began to come to this realisation, too. No matter how much he'd try to resist or fight back, it would be to no avail. **"Director, your name?"** She grinned, the glow in her eyes persisting as they gazed deeply into those of the man. *"W-William.. William Craegh.."* He stammered back. \
**"What a unique name.."** The woman whispered back quietly, her head tilting slightly to the side as her eyes continued to deeply inspect William's expression. **"Do you go camping often, William?"** \
*"C-camping..?"* He quietly whispered back, taken aback by the sudden switchup in the conversation. His eyes were darting back and forth between the woman's eyes, and the pistol held tightly in her right hand. *"How.. How do you know..?"* \
**"There's a lot I know about you, William."** She grinned back once more, her smile getting scarily wide, horrifying William even further. A quiet sound of a charm that was fixated on her pistol's barrel gave him the shivers, catching him by surprise, but once more, he was allured by her eyes. **"But to me, you'll just be a number to me. You're #718."** She continued, looking directly into William's eyes. Her expression had gone from one akin to a psychopath to an extremely serious one in just a split second. Taking a quiet and quick breath, she stood back up, towering above him once more, gripping her pistol tightly in her hands, the texture of the pistol's grip digging into her palm through the glove. **"Say, William. Let's make a campfire here, shall we?"**

Her index finger travelled to the trigger on her pistol, and without much further thinking, the lights in the alleyway dimmed momentarily. Complete darkness filled the foggy and damp air that was levitating and stuffing the narrow hallway the two found themselves in. The only source of light, was a feint flash at the very end of her weapon's silenced barrel, followed by the quiet noise of William's lifeless body collapsing to the floor. A deep sigh exited her lips, and the lights in the alleyway jumped to life once more, revealing not just William's body, but a growing puddle of deep crimson blood surrounding him over time. **"Azure reporting. Target William Craegh eliminated."** She sighed into her earpiece, seemingly unaffected by the murder she had committed just now at all. Her left hand reached into her pocket, and took a sheet of paper, as well as a lighter. Holstering her pistol, she then took the lighter in her right hand, and with a quiet *flick*, a flame appeared, which soon burned away the corner of the paper, quickly spreading towards the three remaining edged. Without much further thought, she dropped the paper and let it float down towards William's body, whose shirt soon caught flames as well, spreading around to every single thread of his body. For a few seconds, she looked at the flames spreading to every inch of his body, even beginning to spread to the puddle of blood, incinerating and reducing every single atom that once belonged to him to mere ashes. It wasn't her first time, nor would it be her last. But one thing, she knew there was no denying. **"718th."** She whispered to herself, before turning around the alleyway once more.

## TWO - IN THE FLESH




## 02 - THE SCARS THAT MAKE YOU
Key points: 
- **Right hand**: Black ring on middle finger, **Scar on lower palm (#041)**, **Scar on upper palm, below knuckles (#127)**
- **Face**: **Scar through left eye (#184)**

### THE FIRE YOU IGNITE
The crackle of a communication device strapped to her left thigh told her enough. She was out of range, and yet, her target was much further down south than where she stood right now. In the midst of a thick forest, the dense roof made of leaves from all the century-old trees creating a blanket that prevented moonlight from illuminating the pathway before her. Her only means of travelling and reaching her target, her destination, was through the little puck on her thigh. But now, that option was gone, too, and she stood completely by herself. \
She sighed, and took two steps back, the crackle on the puck returning once more, and the earpiece strapped to her ear echoed its sound, leaving her closing her eyes in annoyance. The sound was deafening, and in the middle of nowhere, she was reliant on sound cues from any direction. If she couldn't adapt, she would become the prey, victim to anyone that might have intercepted the communications between herself and her commander, and intercept herself this way. Another two steps back, and the crackle disappeared, followed once more by pure silence. It didn't take long for it to be broken once more. *"Azure. We lost contact there. Do you read?"* The voice, although quiet, echoed from the puck, its signal transmitting forwards to her earpiece, which left her sighing in relief, but also in disgust to need to hear her commander's voice once more. Slowly and carefully, her left hand moved to the puck and snapped it off the clip wrapped around her thigh, and held it to her mouth. **"Azure. I'm reading. Two steps forward and I lose signal."** She sighed into the puck after pressing down a little button in its very centre. A moment of silence followed, until Azure's commander cleared his throat, and continued to speak once more. *"Right.."* He began, sighing deeply, seemingly lost at words as to what to do in this situation as well. A rumble could be heard in the background, but he was quick to slide this off as nothing, and continued. *"Azure. Recite the mission details. Once valid, you'll be on your own. We will await your return."* \
Azure sighed. **"Mission #184. Target is Maxim Veloire. Location is in the outskirts of Osselev, District Ald-Zselevcze. Target resides in overground, unbranded research facility. Objective is to eliminate the target, and incinerate the remains."** \
The puck crackled for another moment, even though Azure stood steadfast in the same spot. It followed by another moment of silence, before it was finally disturbed by Azure's commander for one last time. *"Mission greenlit. Make us proud, Azure."*

The very second the contact between then two was closed, Azure clicked the puck back on the clip on her thigh and immediately sprinted forward. Through the trees, she could already see the feint glow of a building, something akin to a warehouse, approach her as she neared it. The pistol that was holstered on her right leg was going back and worth as she sprinted, the sword attached to a sling around her waist was going up and down.
### YOUR SWORD IT FORGED
*// **Synopsis**: Azure's hidden "ability", or her signature means of execution, is a flame-wielding sword. Although she has never utilised its flames, which itself has barely been used in the first place as a pistol has almost always sufficed, the target that she is set to eliminate in Ald-Zselevcze has something else in mind. The two engage in a swordfight, and although the two both endure a fierce fight and weaken one another down, Azure eventually maintains the upper hand and successfully kills Maxim, piercing her blade cleanly through his chest and igniting it immediately after, allowing him a painful death by incineration. During this fight, Azure endures a blow to her face, **which is where she obtains her "signature" scar, that passes right through her eye**. With her left eye closed, but not bandaged at all, the warehouse itself is soon to follow and be swallowed whole by the flames. Despite the unaccounted for scale of the mission, Azure completes it as ordered, and returns once more to **Leth-Heléham**.*

### Snippets
A weak smile was on his face, which was the total opposite of the expression that dominated Azure's own face. Her brows were furrowed, while Maxim's own were weak, and getting even weaker by the second. The blood continued to seep out of his chest, finding its way past the blade that Azure had penetrated deeply through him. The heat of the flames that were surrounding them were picking up, droplets of sweat dripping down both of their foreheads. *"Amica.."* Maxim suddenly began, his voice weak, just like the his face, just like the rest of his body. With the last ounces of his strength, he lifted his right hand up, and placed it on top of the blade that was pierced into his chest. A pattern of blood swirls followed, and gradually rolled down the blade as he gripped it tightly, gritting his teeth. Azure's eyes opened wide, and tightened the grip on her sword once more, her scarred hands digging into the textured grip. **"You shouldn't know-"** \
*"Amica."* Maxim continued, interrupting Azure's confused, and worried voice. Amica was her real name, one that she hadn't heard in years, one that she hadn't used in years. How did Maxim know this name? What more did Maxim know about her past? Did he have a connection to the subterrane? Were her commander and Maxim aware that she was sent to kill him? \
*"Amica.. dear.."* He continued, his other hand now holding the sword's blade too, almost making it seem like he was planning to pull it out, or push it into his own chest even further. It worried Azure further and further, this was a situation she had never envisioned herself to be in. Using her sword was one oddity, but this situation, where her target was still alive even after receiving a fatal blow, was never briefed to her. Her ears were flat on her head, revealing her inner thoughts, her worries, and putting them on display for Maxim to see. *"I have.. questions left unanswered.."* Maxim coughed. *"Why you left Sirália, why you.. went underground.."* He coughed once more, his grip on Azure's sword weakening. *"Go on.. then.. Ferrháida. Play with fire."* 

In a sudden movement, Azure lost grip of her blade, as Maxim pushed it further into his own chest. The sheer strength that Maxim had suddenly gained surprised even Azure herself, someone who was renowned for her incredible reaction speeds. But that alone wasn't the sight that horrified her, and instead, it was the glow that was emitted from Maxim's chest that made her heart sink. His smile grew wider and wider by the second, as if the sheer pain of the Azure's blade slicing past his flesh, through his lungs, wasn't enough to have him stop. Their eyes met, and in his eyes, Azure could see nothing but all of Maxim's last hopes, last determinations, last *mission* of his, stored entirely within those wide-open irises. Even her, it horrified. **"Maxim.. you.."** She could only stammer, and hesitantly, she leaned forward, trying to regain control of her blade, to pull it out of her target once more, if he still was her target at all, that is. **"This.. what is..-"** \
*"A Flame Heart."* Maxim interrupted her, blood seeping past his teeth, past his lips, down to his chin and soon dripping onto the steel blade whose temperature continued to rise exponentially. His hands were glowing orange, gradually beginning to blind her, as she squinted her eyes to protect herself from going blind. By the second, the situation became more and more unreal to her. *"This is what the Subterrane feared, Amica."* Maxim continued, his breathing getting rougher with every sentence. If his minutes weren't numbered yet, he absolutely was on his last legs now. *"This is why the Subterrane wants me dead, Amica."* He grunted, and slowly, his left hand left the blade once more and reached out to Azure's face. Its brightly luminescent fingers caressing the scars on her neck, a scar on her right cheek, and even though the heat of Maxim's hands made her fear second-degree burns, she was stunlocked in place, and could only witness the bizarre situation unfold before her. His clothes were burning away, and from his fingertips, a swirly pattern of the same orange glow revealed itself to her. *"They feared the Heart's potential in me, Amica."* He continued, his eyes squinted as his right hand was now held tightly as the very start of the blade, nearly pressing against the grip. *"So be it yours, Amica Ferrháida."*

Gritting his teeth, Maxim gripped he blade tightly in his hand, blood streaming out of his hand as it sliced open his fingers at ease. With a deep, coarse breath, he pulled Azure's sword back out of his chest, grunting loudly as it sliced past his lungs, his flesh, his bones, and skin once more, before it was freed into the open air for the first time in minutes. Azure's eyes were wide open, her ears folded flat on her head. In all her missions since she left Sirália, since she was welcomed into the Subterrane, in every single one of the missions she'd gone through, or the stories from her fellow hitmen, none were as insane as what she was witnessing before her very eyes right now. **"Maxim.. are you even human at all..?"** She stammered, finding herself on the receiving end of her own sword, which to her horror, was coated in a frantic fire. A grin formed on his face once more, and while his grip on Azure's sword was tight, it was weak, yet enough to deal a fatal blow in the same fashion that she had given Maxim. It would mean it'd go straight through her chest, and with a fire to accompany the forged steel, it would either be instant, or incredibly painful to be on the receiving end of such a blow. \
Instead, Maxim snickered. *"The lupine lady asks if I'm human."* He laughed, tilting the sword by 45 degrees, taking an attacking stance while his legs were severely weakened. A blow would be painful, but it would no longer be fatal. *"Amica. It's futile."*

A quick slash followed, slicing across Azure's face diagonally, going through her left eye. Her hands flung to her face to cover the freshly created would, a sharp, stinging sensation immediately rushing all over her face as she pressed against it, feeling it burn, the heat of the blade persistent on her own flesh. It would leave a scar, and it would not look pretty. \
*"Amica Ferrháida."* Maxim continued, and while Azure couldn't see his expression, it was as stern as it could possibly be. He was truly on his last legs, and anything that would follow, would be the last thing he'd ever to before his inevitable death. The blood loss had been immense, and the adrenaline in his veins had run out by now. Another deep and coarse breath followed, and the quiet sound of the soles of his shoes adjusting on the concrete floor beneath her told Azure enough. He was taking a new stance. With her heart pounding in her chest, she looked back once more to Maxim's determined expression, his lethal stance, and before she had any time to react, she could only look at her own sword darting towards her. *"So be it yours."*
### A Flame Heart
*// Seemingly immediately, Azure comes back to her senses and finds herself in the research facility once more. The fire had dissipated, but the heat in the atmosphere of the auditorium that she had just fought her target, Maxim in, remains. The scar on her eye remains prominent, which she can see in the reflection on a chrome wall, but to her surprise, Maxim was nowhere to be found. Memories flash back into her head. Her sword was within Maxim's chest, before he pulled it out at ease, and eventually ignited it to then pierce it into her own chest? In a hurry, she checks herself, but sees no evident flesh wound apart from the one on her face and her left shoulder. But a strange pattern **did** appear on her shoulder, which passed down all the way to her left hand. It's a pattern similar to the one she saw on Maxim's arm.*

*// The pattern is part of an **Ultima Anomaly**, which is provided by the fact that somehow, Azure is now in possession of the **Flame Heart**. She presumes that somehow, Maxim had offered himself as he was on death's door regardless.* \
*// This is **extremely broad** and requires a **lot** of foundation to properly work this out. This may be subject to change in the near and far future.*

## 03 - Mission #194 (Working title)

## 04 - UNDER THE UNDERGROUND
### Sketch
*// After Azure returns from mission #184, she is "poisoned" with an Ultimate Organ that isn't properly accepted by Azure's body. It doesn't take long until after she returns to the Subterrane that the anomaly effects make themselves more prominent, more specifically through the means of **Blackened Swirls** travelling from the tips of the fingers of her left hand, all the way towards her shoulders and shoulder blades. Windbreak takes notice of this, and agrees to keep it secret from their respective commanders, and life continues to go on like normal.* 

*// The subchapter below is related to the chapter title, but not to the sketch above.*

### For One Last Dance
The door slammed shut behind her, only to be reopened once more soon after. The lights throughout the alleys in the Subterrane remained powered off, the only source of light being the dim light strips across the ceiling, acting as an emergency measure for when a power outage would occur. But even though there was no reason to panic for anyone underground, the storm in Azure's head continued to grow, and with her head buried in her arms, she rested it flat on the desk before her, desperately trying to suppress her tears, to suppress the anger rushing through her veins. A gentle press against her left shoulder once more revealed the beauty of the swirls hidden underneath her sweater, their luminescence shining through the fabric, but with the hand remaining on her shoulder, it soon faded again while the door finally fell into its lock. *"Amica."* Windbreak whispered quietly, and even though Azure's ears twitched upon hearing her voice and connecting the dots as to who the hand belonged, they remained folded down, revealing that she was still in distress. *"The door's locked, Amica, it's only me."* Windbreak persisted, doing her best to get Azure to calm down once more, which slowly but surely bore its fruit, as a deep breath exited Azure's lips. *"I'm sorry. I couldn't tell you otherwise..-"* \
**"Why am I here, Victoria?!"** Azure yelled back, the orange swirls heating up the fabric of her sweater as she finally stood up once more, turning around to face Windbreak in her eyes. She gritted her teeth, and her eyes were struggling to hold back tears. **"Two hundred people died for nothing! I avenged nobody!"** She continued, sniffing loudly, before exhaling deeply and finishing her words, scrambling them together. **"We're not solving any problems. We're creating them."** 

The two stared at one another for a moment, before Azure closed her eyes, exhaled deeply, and promptly stepped forwards, back towards the door into the hallway. *"Amica?! Where are you-"* \
Azure stood still before the closed door, her hand on the doorknob, her eyes fixated on it. The scars on her right hand were proof of the missions she had taken on. They were proof that for at least every scar that was on her body, her opponent was the one to have lost their life. Her grip on the doorknob tightened, and her ears perked up. If neither of them told Windbreak enough that Azure was losing control of her emotions, the quiet crackle of fabric of Azure's sweater burning away would be the tipping point. **"Should I stay instead? Should I thin out the numbers further?"** She hissed back, her eyes still fixated on her hand on the doorknob, as her fingertips on her left hand left feint sparkles fall to the floor. \
*"Amica.. you don't get..-"* \
**"Don't-"** \
Despite the intense heat on her left hand, Windbreak had no second thought go through her mind as she stepped towards Azure, taking her left hand with both of her own hands, as she held it gently. Even with the immense heat, she kept it sandwiched between her hands, and gradually, the heat dissipated, to even Azure's own surprise. *"I can leave my post more easily then you. Let's pick a mission together. We'll go up, and we'll never go back down."* She whispered back, and even though she was only facing Azure's back, she could see her calm down, the bright orange swirls gradually cooling down and returning to their idle, blackened colour. *"There's archived missions in this cubicle.."* Windbreak mumbled to herself as her hands let go of Azure's once more, and reaching out for a drawer with folders, she closed her eyes, and her hand dove into the drawer. Azure let go of the doorknob, and turning around, she now faced Windbreak's back, who promptly turned around with a folder in her hands. *"I picked it at random."* She began, a wide smile on her face, one filled with hope from both corners of her lips. *"Flip it around, and read it aloud. Whatever it is, we'll take it on together."* \
A deep sigh left Azure's lips, and taking the beige-coloured folder from Windbreak's hands, she followed suit and flipped it around, revealing the contents of the folder, and most importantly, their new target's vital information. Clearing her throat, Azure began reading around from the top. **"Affiliated with Carbine Industries.. Pahlatlán, Thórirsant.."** She began, trailing off and stopping as her eyes had already come across the next line. \
*"Don't pause, you just started."* Windbreak smiled back, but Azure's confidence didn't return. **"..Limáida.. Vicky, she's Sirálian. I can't do that."** \
*"Then let me do it, Amica."* Windbreak interrupted Azure immediately, taking a hold of her left hand once more after taking a step forward, now taking her own  look at the target's profile as well, mumbling it word by word as she skimmed through it. *"We'll go to Thórirsant, and we'll complete the mission."* She smiled, her eyes now facing Azure's own, instead of the mugshot on the file in the folder. *"And we'll never go back underground again."* \
Azure gulped, but her thumb gently squeezed into Windbreak's hand as well, pressing against the back of her hand to let her know she was content with her plan. **"Okay, Victoria."** She whispered back, moving her hand down to let the folder rest idle at her waist as her eyes now met Windbreak's, whose smile was growing ever wider. And exhaling deeply through her nose, Azure mirrored her smile. **"Then let's get going. One last time."**

### Upwards, once more


## 05 - THE POISON WITHIN
### Concept
*// Azure and Windbreak depart for southern Thórirsant, to the flourishing research city of Pahlatlán for one mission only: Complete the contract, and never return to the Subterrane. Even though the journey goes smoothly, worries still stir deep within both of the young women, but those are washed away almost instantly upon their arrival in their destination city. An inconspicuous tram drive later brings them to the heart of the research campus to the south of Pahlatlán, where their target, **Maria Limáida**, the young and newly-appointed head of aeronautical research at Carbine Industries, resides and works.* \
*// Their plan was simple: Deploy, eliminate, extract, much like Azure and Windbreak had been taught from their very first missions onwards. But even though step one goes smoothly, step two becomes an issue. A certain force is preventing them from reaching their target, and even reaching the office in which she was working in, the force only got stronger. **As if a cosmic force was preventing them from stepping any closer, what's going on here?***
### DEPLOY
The regional transport in Pahlatlán, and throughout all of Thórirsant, was bilingual. And to their annoyance, it meant that they had to wait for the Lúniksan announcement to finish before they could understand what was being said in English. Like it did for every stop, the tram chimed twice. Once for the Lúniksan announcement, and once for the English announcement. And on the second chime, both of the young women's ears perked up to listen to what was being said, even though their eyes were fixated on the laminated, grey flooring of the tram. *"The next stop is: Pahlatlán, Central Campus. Exit right."* It chimed, and in unison, Azure and Windbreak looked up, their heads facing each other, their eyes locking with one another, and lighting up. This was their stop. If there was any moment for action, it was now, and without much further thought, the stop stood up from their seats and walked towards one of the fifteen doors on the long tram, waiting for their stop, waiting for their moment of action. \
Azure slung her bag around her right shoulder, making sure to avoid straining her left shoulder too much. It would be a huge risk to lose an entire arm in such an important mission, so she took every form of preventative measurement to reduce the risk of injury before her mission even started. Getting lost in thought, a gentle tap against her waist brought Azure back to her senses, and looking to her left, she was met with Windbreak's faint smile. One that contained a mixture of worry, but also one with hope. *"It'll be fine, Amica."* She smiled, her eyes averting from Azure's, as she looked to her left to see their tram stop approaching. A crowd had already gathered at the stop, the Central Campus was a junction stop, after all. But for Windbreak and Azure, it was their last stop that they'd take for the day. From here on, it would only be a slight walk towards the Eastern Carbine Campus, the destination of their mission, the destination of their target, *Maria Limáida*. Windbreak closed her eyes slowly, her hand wrapped tightly around the orange-coloured support beam next to the door, and cementing her feet on the laminated floor, she braced herself for the tram's sudden braking. *"It's just this last mission, Amica. Just this last one, and we're free."*

The tram finally came to a halt at the stop, and with a loud, continuous beeping noise, the all fifteen doors that were spread out over the entire length of the train opened quickly, giving room to the masses of people that wanted to exit the tram, freeing up space for the masses of people who wanted to board it instead. With swift steps, and hands held together, Azure and windbreak stepped out of the tram, the soles of their shoes now stepping on the grey, weathered concrete tiles, as their gazes went to the left. The tram stop was large, and spread out even further than the length of the tram, but to their left was one of the two exits of this particular tram stop. It faced the east of the research campus, and it was to be their next step, the first of many to follow. **"It should be the third building on the left. Carbine has a large, yellow inverted triangle logo. Hard to miss."** Azure smiled, her eyes gazing far into the distance to see if the vibrant yellow logo was visible from the tram stop from here. *"Mhm."* Windbreak simply replied, and continuing to hold Azure's hand, she promptly pressed forward, blending in with the crowd, and pulled Azure along. *"No time to waste."* She continued, her usually uplifted and soft voice having ben exchanged for a more serious one, one that Azure hadn't heard in a long while. The two never went on a mission together, but still spoke regularly, especially after Azure had returned from the fateful mission in Ald-Zselevcze. The scar that she attained that day was still on full display, crossing right through her left eye, and it made her fear that she would stand out in the crowd far too much to go unseen. She was able to cover up most of her scars, including the ones on her neck and her chin, but covering up her eye was far too difficult. It was either sticking out with an eyepatch in the crowd, or choosing to take no action, and instead have every passerby look at the deep, red-coloured scar through her eye. Azure shook her head, clearing the looming thoughts from her mind, and soon followed after Windbreak. It wasn't the time to daydream. It was time to deploy. **"Follow protocol."** She whispered to Windbreak, who turned around immediately to face Azure with a stern expression on her face. *"Follow protocol."* She nodded, turning around once more to push to their objective: The Eastern Carbine Campus.

Deployment was easy in theory. In fact, the entire mission protocol was easy in theory, as it only consisted of three words: Deploy, Eliminate, Extract. In practice, deployment was much more complex than that. It only took a few minutes for the two women to reach their destination, the yellow inverted triangle illuminating the asphalt beneath it, even though it was relatively light outdoors. But going through the front door with weapons loaded would be a feat impossible to achieve. *"I took a look at their floorplan.."* Windbreak whispered out loud, her fingers pressing against her lips as she averted her eyes from the front door to the left, eyeing a row of decorative trees, and a pathway beyond it. *"There's a lot of entrances on the side, and a few unmonitored ones too. One of these should be a way for us to get in."* She continued, pausing in the middle of her sentence to visualise the floorplan before her, before facing Azure directly in her eyes with a warm smile on her face. *"I know a way. Follow me, Amica."* \
Without a second thought, Azure followed her immediately as Windbreak headed towards the rows of trees, and quickly darted to the tight as soon as the building reached an abrupt end. She signalled to the right, and Azure promptly followed, and looking down the newly discovered alleyway, a lot of entrances revealed themselves. **"So.. Vicky.. which of-"** \
*"Fourth to our right. There's no surveillance there. Limáida's on the second floor, Office/Hall D4. You can go for intel, and if you still need me to, just give me the signal, and I'll fire the shot."* Windbreak immediately interrupted her, a wide smile on her face as she adjusted the bag strapped around her shoulder. A marksman rifle was folded within it, one that would double as a regular rifle in the case of an emergency. But with Azure going in first, the odds of that being a necessity was low. **"Got it."** Azure said back, the neutral, yet fierce expression remaining on her face as her eyes locked onto the door in the far distance. With every step, it was approaching quickly, and even though she felt no stress at all, it was still a risk to take. **"Mission #221."** She mumbled, facing Windbreak, who turned around the very moment they both reached their destination. *"Mission #153"* She said back. *"Amica."* Windbreak said, her eyes staring directly into Azure's. \
**"Victoria."** \
*"We're deploying. One last time, Amica, then we're free."*
### ELIMINATE
*// Azure and Windbreak swiftly press forward into the side entrance of the Eastern Carbine Campus. Windbreak's knowledge of the campus, and all its various camera locations and standard routines of its employees allowed the both of them to easily make their way to their destination of Hall D4, the location in which **Maria Limáida** resides within during working hours. The ongoing conflict within Azure's mind continues to disturb her focus. Their target, **Limáida**, has a traditionally Sirálian surname, one which Azure has as well. Even though the two had never met, Azure vowed to never do ill to people from her own home nation, even though she hadn't been there herself in the past years. Even so, Windbreak offers to instead take the shot. The mission needs to be completed no matter what, and if it means that they can achieve this goal together, it's Windbreak to take the shot.*

*// Taking the shot is something that looks to be in the far future, however, as if it were an objective that was stretching further and further away from them, even though they were instead getting closer to their target with every step. A strange, cosmic force disturbs their minds, and pressing through the doors that hid Hall D4 from the open walkway, they are met with a single person standing at the end of the room: **Maria Limáida** herself.*

***// This line here requires a "prequel" of sorts to properly link DEPLOY with the below section.***

The strange pressure in the atmosphere only worsened the closer they came to the doors. It began to tear away at Azure's mind, her focus dwindling, and it was no different from Windbreak either. Her eyes were squinted, as if she was standing within a sandstorm, or was facing strong gusts of wind. And yet, it all felt imaginary, it felt real, yet incredibly unreal. Taking a deep breath, Azure felt that her lungs were being crushed. The pressure kept increasing with every inch that she moved her body, but pressing her hand firmly against the door's handle, she pushed it forward, its lock clicking, and the heavy weight of the door slowly gave way as the dark hallway gave way to the almost blindingly-white room that was hidden behind the door. \
Only one person was standing at the very opposite end of the room, wearing a long, yellow robe, accentuated by a white shirt and otherwise basic jeans. She both looked like an experienced scientist, and a regular person at the same time, but as her face turned and eyes drew tot he opening door, Windbreak had already trained her weapon right at the bridge of her nose. All it took was a pull of the trigger, and they'd have completed their mission in an instant. But the strange pressure that had been preventing the both of them from properly entering the door in the first place returned, and the green eyes that belonged to the yellow-robed researcher at the other end of the room now gazed directly into Windbreak's eyes, further disturbing her focus, and preventing her from pulling the trigger right here, and right now. Everything seemed to pass in slow-motion, and Azure could only watch as a warm, innocent smile formed on their target's face. ***"Oh..?"*** She simply said, letting go of a folder of papers and placing them on the desk beside her, her hands resting idle at her waist, seemingly unfazed by the fact that she was being held at gunpoint. ***"I didn't expect visitors. How can I be of help?"*** 

Windbreak's finger levitated before the trigger, but it refused to go any further. It wasn't even pressing against the hardened plastic, and even though the grip on the front barrel of her rifle was as rigid as it could possibly be, the pressure that loomed around this hall was beginning to eat away at her nerves. The woman at the very end of the hall didn't seem to take any notice of Windbreak's struggle, however, and simply smiled warmly at the two military-grade women before her. Her right hand was hanging freely beside her waist, and the longer Azure looked at it, the more the pressure increased. Logically, it would be the cause of this pressure, as if a simple gesture would trigger a machine, but as far as logic went, it didn't explain anything else. ***"I'm not one to draw conclusions, but.."*** She whispered back, her eyes drawing back towards the rifle that was trained at her. Windbreak was shaking slightly, the pressure in the atmosphere getting the better of her, and furrowing her eyebrows, she interrupted the researcher. *"Your life."* She blurted out, and even though she had a relatively neutral expression on her face, the yellow-robed researcher almost immediately mirrored it. She sighed, turning her head to the desk on her right once more to scoop up the folder of papers she had placed down before. ***"You're one of many."*** She sighed with an emotionless tone in her voice, and squinting her eyes, she glazed at Azure, who had been eyeing her intensively this entire time. ***"But you're not affiliated with Dáritke, I can tell that much."*** She continued, turning back to face the two women once more, eagerness and curiosity nested deeply within her bright-green eyes. \
*"The Váiran Subterrane orders you dead. We're simply here to close its-"* \
***"Try firing."*** The researcher rudely interrupted her, her brows furrowing, and her own green eyes now staring deeply at Windbreak's own deep green ones. She didn't say a word after, and merely eyed her deeply, which only worsened Windbreak's state of mind as she desperately tried to pull her finger back, to press it against the trigger on her rifle, to pull it back and fire a shot that would undoubtedly end the woman's life right here, right now. But it refused, and her head began to sting. The researcher had raised her hand slightly, and it now was held idle at around halfway her chest, with intensive sparkles revolving around her palm, swirling through the gaps between her fingers. It explained the raised pressure, but by itself, it couldn't be explained. In a sudden change of events, she glanced to her left, eyeing Azure deeply in her eyes and inspecting the scar on her face from afar, but instead of pressure, Azure felt an odd sense of warmth wash over her. Worriedly, she looked to her left, and with a gentle smile on her face, she gently nudged Windbreak to lower her weapon. Even though their mission explicitly ordered the death of Maria Limáida, it seemed like a feat impossible to achieve in this very moment, and she didn't want Windbreak to succumb to this atmospheric pressure either. And the very moment she let go of the grip on her rifle, the pressure immediately dissipated, and the sparkles revolving around her hand vanished. 

***"Lupine lady."*** The researcher suddenly said, still holding on tightly to the papers in her hand, but instead looking deeply into Azure's eyes. **"*There's a weapon holstered at your waist. If there's a bounty on my head, why isn't it drawn?"*** She asked, and to Azure's surprise, it wasn't a question asked with harmful intent. It felt like a question out of genuine interest, and sighing softly, Azure mumbled back, her eyes averting to face the satin-white floor beneath her feet. **"Your surname is Sirálian."** She sighed, glancing at Windbreak for just a moment, before facing the floor once more. **"I.. can't harm my own people.. let alone kill.."** She sighed more deeply, a notable tone of defeat in her voice, while averting her eyes both from the woman, and from Windbreak, feeling incredibly embarrassed to admit that even though two hundred people had died at her hands, one from Sirália was out of the question, a step too far. \
***"Quanto sei nobile.."*** The researcher said back, smiling warmly at Azure, who looked up in surprise from hearing her native language in such a strange accent. She gestured the two of them to come closer, so long their weapons were holstered once more. \
***"Kurante lady."*** She suddenly said, her warm, welcoming voice immediately cycled out for the cold, serious tone that she had just let go of. ***"Off. The grip."*** She simply instructed Windbreak, who averted her eyes in annoyance and looked to the left, her hand sliding off the grip as the rifle now simply hung from her shoulder, attached to the visibly-weathered sling. ***"Introductions at gunpoint are never genuine."*** She said, her eyes fixated on Windbreak's hand, and after seeing it leave the brown-coloured, threaded grip on the rifle, her warm smile returned on her face once more, and Azure felt the tense atmosphere dissipate and vanish in an instant again. ***"That said, you had trained your HR-62 at Dr. Maria Limáida. Jóthuli-Sirálian aeronautical and astral researcher at Carbine Industries."*** She smiled, blushing slightly as she leaned against the sturdy, wooden desk behind her. A messy pile of papers was spread out over it, and a simple monitor and a drawing board completed the picture. It seemed like a busy, crowded desk where she'd easily lose control of her projects at, but books shouldn't be judged by its cover, after all, especially considering that strange pressure from right after they entered this exact hall. ***"You're not the first to try and claim a bounty on my head. Tell me more."*** She continued, a sly and serious tone underneath her otherwise warm and welcoming expression. Taking her mug from the desk before her, she eyed Azure as she took a sip of her coffee. \ 
**"Dispiace.."** Azure whispered back, facing Windbreak for a moment, and seeing the increasingly annoyed expression on her face, before her eyes drifted back to face Maria's. Her ears had folded flat on her head, admitting defeat without even having confronted her in the first place. **"Like.. Victoria said, the Váiran Subterrane orders you dead."** She began, sighing deeply as she looked at Windbreak, exchanging glances for just a moment, before her eyes drew back to Maria's. **"Neither of us knew that all people we've killed were researchers, good or bad, so this was to be our last mission. We'd flee afterwards and never return."** \
Placing her coffee mug back on the table beside her, she pushed her glasses up the bridge of her nose, smiling warmly and understandingly. She placed her hands together in her lap, and simply looked at Azure, who was getting increasingly emotional. ***"I see.. And why am I one of the lucky few?"*** Maria continued, tilting her head slightly as the atmosphere in the hall gradually relieved itself. The voices echoed through the halls, but only now did the three of them properly take notice of it. *"They didn't list."* Windbreak replied, her arms crossed, and her eyes drawn to the floor beneath Maria. *"You were simply one of the targets available. We picked at random."* She continued, sighing softly as her eyes remained drawn to the floor. *"We.. don't know anything else. What kind of research you do, your age, your past, nothing. We've only been told: "End her life.""* \
Maria snorted under her breath, her widening smile quickly hidden behind the rim of her coffee mug once more, before she took another long, judgemental sip of her coffee. Her eyes were closed for a moment as she inhaled deeply, feeling mostly sorry for the two young women before her, and the outlandish number of similar missions they must've embarked on before she was a "lucky customer" herself, but also feeling a little tired of it all by now. ***"Non è la prima volta.."*** She giggled under her breath, placing her mug idle in her lap and holding it with both of her hands, as her eyes drew back to Azure once more. Her ears perked up, which told Maria enough: Azure understood every single word of it. 
**"Qu.. quante volt..-"** \
***"Ah-ah!"*** Maria lifted up her finger and immediately interrupted Azure, who struggled to find the right words, only to be disallowed from speaking them. A wide, warm smile was on Maria's face, and lifting her hand slightly, her eyes guided Azure to face Windbreak, subtly hinting at her to speak in a language that all three of them understood, even though Maria's Sirálian had made Azure more hopeful. ***"But to answer you, you're the seventh to attempt an assassination on me."*** \
Both Windbreak and Azure's eyes immediately opened wide, and gazed at Maria in disbelief. 

### Drafted continuation
***"Non è la prima volta.."*** Maria mumbled under her breath. \
**"A-allora.. quante volt-"** \
***"Ah-ah!"*** Maria interrupted Azure immediately, raising her finger upwards, before pressing it on her lips afterwards, nudging Azure to look at Windbreak. \
***"V-ossi ne forstoés nor m-parólég bid Lúnikskë.. So let's keep it in a language all three of us speak."*** She smiled, now averting her eyes back to face Azure. ***"But to answer your question, you're the seventh to make an attempt on my life."*** \
Both Windbreak and Azure's eyes opened wide, and gazed at Maria in disbelief. \
*"Six.. six times before you've almost died?"* \
Maria simply nodded, and closed her eyes, taking a sip from her coffee. \
***"The second attempt led to the death of my wife, which was about a year ago."*** She began, and despite bringing up the topic, she didn't seem too emotional about it in the moment. ***"The most recent one was about two or three months ago. It ended in a similar way as this one did."*** She smiled, eyeing both of the young women at once. \
She placed her mug back on the table, and looking towards Azure's direction, she continued. ***"They were a little older than you two.. looking for a company that worked with experimentations regarding Ultima..-"*** \
Maria now finally focused properly on Azure, who had been rubbing her left wrist subconsciously. The blackened swirls on her wrist were hard to miss, even if covered by her tactical jacket. \
***"..Which you, dear signora, seem to be a host of."*** She continued, now eyeing Azure's wrist, which she hid in shame and embarrassment. \
**"It's.. fine-"** \
***"It's not."*** Maria insisted, stepping away from the desk to walk towards the young Lupine, holding her hand out and gently and carefully taking it. \
***"This will hurt. Yell it out once it does."*** Maria instructed, and holding up Azure's wrist with her right hand, she carefully traced the crystals that had been accumulating on top of the jet-black swirls on her wrist. Seeing the lack of a reaction from Azure as she rubbed over the crystals, she gradually increased the pressure, wiggling them around, pressing them into her skin. Only now, Azure flinched and squinted her eyes in pain. \
***"Dimmi il tuo nome, signora Lupine."*** Maria instructed once more, a warm smile on her face as she gently rubbed along Azure's lower arm, feeling the slight increase in heat, which she could only imagine was caused by the instinctual reaction from the Ultima organ deep within her body. \
**"È Azure.."** \
***"Non è Azure. I want to know your name, not your codename."*** Maria smiled, continuing to caress the swirls on Azure's arm as they gradually cooled down to a normal body temperature again. 
**"Io so.."** Azure sighed, averting her eyes to the right, before a gentle rub against her shoulder from Windbreak gave her enough confidence. **"It's.. Amica. Amica Ferrháida. That's all there is to it.."** 
Maria simply smiled warmly, and exchanging looks between Windbreak and herself, she kneeled before Amica, and now held both of her hands gently, holding them up by the palms. \
***"Amica, listen closely to me, bene?"*** Maria began. ***"There is something physically inside you, that is disturbing your bloodflow. That's why you can cast fire at will, at the cost of your left arm destroying itself. It's not exactly curable, but it can be tended to."*** She continued. Once more, she gently pressed against one of the crystals on Amica's wrist, leaving her flinching once more, visibly struggling to suppress her emotions. ***"Right now, it stings when I press against it. It'll only get worse, unless you tend to it."*** 
Maria and Windbreak's eyes found each other once more. \
***"Kurante.."*** \
*"Victoria."* \
***"Amica, you and Victoria will set off to Amadnésam. I know this will be a task for you two, and it's not close to here at all."*** She resumed, picking up where she left off. ***"But it'll be a necessary journey for you two to take. I can't guide you there, but I can tell you that once you show your wrist and mention "Ultima anomaly", you will get the care you need. I promise you that."*** \
Amica sniffed, and letting go of Maria's hands, they instead flung to her face as the tears she had been suppressing now finally broke through the walls she had set up for herself. Standing up, Maria opened up her arms, and almost magnetically, Amica leaned forward to fall into her arms, followed by Victoria from behind. Sandwiched between the two, they stood there for about a minute or two, giving Amica as much time and space as she needed to flush out her emotions. 

**"Will we meet again?"** Amica asked, gently rubbing the makeshift bandage that Maria had put on her wrist to prevent it from being pressed too often on their journey. \
***"I'm afraid we won't in the near future.."*** Maria sighed, a gentle smile on her face as she followed Amica and Victoria towards the exit of the Carbine campus. Even though the two young women were fully kitted in military gear, no eyebrows were raised as long as they were under guidance of Maria on their way to the exit. ***"There's plenty of projects for me to tend to. I'll need to go to Zhuehai, to Kósfrii, and in the far future, maybe I'll even need to go to space."*** She smiled, pausing at the main entrance of the campus, but showing her card to the security guard at the entrance and mumbling a few words in Lúniksan to them, the three of them were let through. \
*"Space?"* Victoria asked out of curiosity, pausing and turning around to face Maria. \
***"I'm an aeronautical researcher, after all."*** She replied with a wide smile on her face, gazing towards the cloudy sky. Through the gaps in the clouds, the moon **Lumen** could be seen. ***"Lumen is just the start. Humanity made their way to Lúniks decades ago. I want to resume that dream, that desire to discover more."*** \
Taking a small name card from her pocket, she handed one each to Victoria and Amica, a wide smile on their face, while confusion was on theirs. ***"I can't guarantee I'll be available at all times."*** Maria began, slowly turning around to make her way back into the campus once more. ***"But I promise I'll do my best to reach back to you when you reach out to me, whenever it may be."*** \
With a warm smile, Maria bowed and bade farewell to the two.
***"Tieniti forte, Amica."*** \
Turning around, a surprise expression turned into a warm smile, complimented by a slight blush. With her left arm, she waved back, the white bandage on full display for Maria to see, which gave her hope that in the end, everything would turn out fine for the duo. \
**"Grazie mille, Maria!"** Amica yelled back, the distance between the two growing as Maria watched the pair cling together, holding each other's hand after Victoria had put her rifle back in her sling and hung it from her shoulder. Back to the tram station they would go, but instead of returning to Váira, they now had a new destination. It wasn't to find a new, innocent person to assassinate. It was to find a cure for Amica.


### Addendum
*// Note: This takes place **AFTER** [[FATED ENCOUNTER - Story]]. In Fated Encounter, Mika and Gradient are the ones to confront Maria by claiming that there was an active bounty on her head that they wanted to claim. Logically, by placing this **INSIGHT** interaction **after** Fated Encounter, Maria will not be surprised by the fact that she's being held at gunpoint, and will also have gotten more control over the **strange cosmic force** that made its first appearance in [[SPIDER'S WEB - Story]], in which sparkles appeared swirling around her fingertips. The increased pressure is a result of this acquired skill, and allows her to have a regular conversation with Windbreak and Azure, rather than being interrogated, or even killed. **This leads into a peaceful end to this confrontation, where Azure's Ultima Anomaly worsens, and Maria instead redirects them to Amadnésam for proper medical care.***

### EXTRACT**
