# Internal Channels
**Internal Channels** is a collection of various means of internal communications spanning both [[TRAVEL RISK]] and [[Reaching Beyond]]. 

# PALMER-EDEN Internal Circuit
## PALMER-EDEN Experimental Research (Breakaway)
### Activity log in PALMER-EDEN outskirts, monitored by Unit EX_C - February 23rd, 2064
The door closed behind the middle-aged woman, in her hand a suitcase, with a monitoring unit connected to the handle. A mixed expression was on her face, and her light blue eyes weren't as bright as they usually were. But right outside the door, another middle-aged man was waiting right outside her door. **"Mr. Ezarea."** The woman simply said, nodding before him. His hands were behind his back, and he was fully dressed in a suit. With the different rankings in modern-day Illinois, one would presume this man to be one of the higher-ranked people. *"Ms. Østengaard."* He replied, turning around, instructing the woman to follow him. \
The two walked toward the roof of the smaller tower they had been residing in for the past few months. It had been a temporary solution for the two, with the recent war between its home nation, Illinois, having to endure an attack from its neighbouring nations. But their next step was not just to leave Illinois altogether and move to Europe, their next step was to leave PALMER-EDEN as a whole, and travelling to Amadnésam on Lúniks instead. An interstellar mission that they'd embark on. \
*"I've brought you here to discuss a few things. This is my personal request, Emily."* The man began, having sat down on a bench at the very top of the roof. The view was nothing to write home about. Aside from the campus that they resided within, a few towers sprung up here and there. All property of PALMER-EDEN. And its prized capital tower was still under construction deeper in the heart of Chicago, out of sight from the tower they were on right now. **"You're acting as if I've stolen candy, Francis."** The woman smiled back, having placed the suitcase against the wall and sitting down next to the man. **"What's up?"** \
*"I'm wondering if travelling to Lúniks is the right decision for us."* Francis sighed, his head moving down to face the floor through the gap between his legs. *"Even through the war, I've been able to keep a home throughout it all with the research we've been doing, but Emily, I don't know if things will improve or worsen for us if our management changes."* \
**"Can't get worse than this dustbowl."** Emily laughed back, her eyes averting from Francis's worried expression to look beyond the edges of the tower's roof, looking far into the distance. Next to the other skyscrapers that had been kept up relatively well, the rest was in ruins, not having received a single ounce of love since their destruction in the civil war, and all plans that *had* been drafted for upkeep were ripped apart in the sudden revolt of **2062**. **"I'd love to see a bit of green again. Everything here is dead."** She sighed, a few images of Lúniks appearing before her in her mind. She'd read through the proposal many times before, getting stuck on photos of the Amadnésam campus undergoing and finishing construction in Máneá's research triangle. Compared to the remains of Chicago, she would exchange this for the flourishing planet within a heartbeat. \
*"Are you not thinking of returning to Europe?"* Francis asked, holding his hands together as his head drifted to face Emily, who matched his gaze. She chuckled quietly. **"There's no home for me anymore in Norway. That's why I left for this irradiated and corroding dustbowl in the first place."** She smiled, memories flashing right before her eyes behind Francis's curious expression. **"The Persson twins brought Oslo down to the ground, all for pride they couldn't defend. There's not much more reason for me to return home."** \
Francis sighed in response, averting his eyes from Emily once more as they drifted back to face the dusty floor beneath him. After a brief moment, he leaned backwards against the backrest of the bench, looking towards the blazing sun behind the thin layer of dust in the air. *"It's just us two, in that case, isn't it? Is Martin staying behind here?"* \
**"Martin's *definitely* staying here."** Emily immediately laughed back, her eyes looking towards the little box that was tied to the top of her suitcase. **"He's the project lead for the PALMER-EDEN tower, and he has yet to finish project GRADIENT and VIOLET too. He'll be busy enough."** She smiled, facing the horizon once more. But after a few seconds, she stood back up from the bench, stretching her arms forwards and upwards, before looking back at Francis with a wide smile on her face. **"We've got a handful of projects for ourselves, though. We've got Project CORE to work on together still, I need to get a proper facility for Project POLARIS."** She continued, holding out a hand to lift Francis up from the bench, her eyes veering off to face the little box on her suitcase once more. Francis mirrored Emily's smile, and looking at the little silver box too, he couldn't help but chuckle slightly. *"That little guy definitely won't last by himself."* He smiled, taking Emily's hand and standing up from the bench. \
The two stood face to face for a moment, before Emily walked towards the suitcase and held it at its handle once more, ready to leave whenever. But even so, she knew that she was still leaving behind years of hard work. She wouldn't be able to say goodbye, or even say thank you, to Martin himself for having given her this opportunity after the Oslo Revolution. And still, with those thoughts circling through her head, a single glance at the barren, deserted landscape that stretched out many kilometres into the far distance immediately washed away any potential regret that had been building up. Chicago was in pure dismay, and even if the PALMER-EDEN tower was set to provide a safe haven for any residents that had survived to this date, it was no place for the two of them to stay. Taking a deep breath, she exhaled deeply through her mouth, knowing that it was one of the last few breaths she'd need to take in this irradiated air, before a smile appeared on her face after her eyes met those of Francis once more. **"Let's go."** She said, holding the suitcase tightly in her hand. **"SOLARdawn is waiting for us."**

# SOLARdawn Internal Circuit
## Polaris Private Circuit
### The Abyss gazes back, Supervised by Unit 2C+ - September 30th, 2076
*// Despite Polaris telling Angel that "Nightmares only exist in your mind, and not in the world one finds themselves in", they do, in fact, still haunt Polaris herself too. On a day off, Polaris set course to the south of Amadnésam, to the Méidterran Ravines, to gaze into the Abyss once more with eyes wide open, ready to face whatever fears were in her mind, and ready to overcome them.*

**"Quiet as ever."** She sighed, staring into the endless blackness that was beneath her feet. There was no source of light to illuminate the endless ravines she was looking down at, the luminescence of her eyes was far too dim to even light the rocks closest to her, and Lumen's light wasn't strong enough to help her see further beyond the grassy floor that covered the top of the ravines. The rustling of leaves as the wind brushed them gently on its trajectory forward was the only sound echoing across the plains, not even 2C's whirring of her own breathing being loud enough to cause the insects to quiet down. Quietly, she took a deep breath, and sat down on the edge of the ravine, her legs dangling off the edge, her hands rested flat on the grass to anchor herself on the soil, preventing herself from falling down into the endless pit below. \
**"You know this place well, don't you?"** She whispered to herself, but instead of the abyss, it was the quiet whirr and chime of 2C that was slung around her shoulder that answered. If it could nod, it would, but instead, it chimed in a positive manner. *// Indeed, I do. You are seated on the edge of one of seven Méidterrai Ravines. You come here often. //* It replied, causing a chuckle to leave Polaris's lips. \
**"Often, you say?"** She smiled, glancing at the red and silver Unit for a moment, before her eyes drifted back to look forwards over the ravine. 


## SOLARdawn Mainstream Circuit
### Announcement of transition from Terminal Units 2C into Units 4C - January 4th, 2072
*// Simple announcement directed at all employees and staff of SOLARdawn, regarding the transition of Terminals currently using Unit 2C into using Unit 4C from February onwards.* \
For Lúniksan, see below.

This message is directed to all employees servicing the Northern, Eastern, and Southern Wings of SOLARdawn Campus Amadnésam. As you have been repeatedly informed, **Unit 2C**, which has been a Core servicing all four wings of the Campus, is being *retired* from January 2072 onwards. The reason for this, is that the next evolution of the Terminal is reaching the end of its development, meaning that Unit 2C will be due replacement. For all Wings, excluding the Western Wing, Unit 2C will be replaced by its next iteration, Unit 4C, starting February 1st, 2072. 

All of the features that you have gotten used to over the course of your respective careers, will remain the same, as well as all data assigned to your personal account. In theory, nothing will change, but the user interface, and your experience utilising the Terminals in your Wing may change. 

If you are left with any questions, or would like to acquire more information, please seek your nearest reception desk, or reach out to your respective organisation's e-mail address.

SOLARdawn Mainstream.

Czí mensazs-ést sur toult arbédkemej kë servisélés alájej Nordre, Estre, den Súdre, da SOLARdawn Kampus Amadnésam. Kun repeticë, éu si informérira a **Unit 2C**, ej Core kë he servisís toult fir alájej da Kampus, skulle *séisa* fra Januarë 2072. Rédne-ést a nóve iterácë da Terminal nárést endë czen forsoukékem, kë betírést a Unit 2C skulle rëcíva ekpláckem. Sur toult alájej, met alájej Vestre, Unit 4C skulle ekplaca Unit 2C fra 1e Februarë 2072.

Toult funkcéj éu szesnés skulle á sammë, den éun data da konto mot. Téoretskë, nadië skulle forendra, sed UI den éun esplorákem sim éun aláje *vule* forendra. 

Nor éu há frágej, ou vóle há fler informácë, vúska éuje e-mail-n organesácë.

SOLARdawn Mainstream.
 
## SOLARdawn Transitional Projects
### Activity log in the Western Wing, Monitored by Unit 2C - March 1st, 2067
*// Log that follows Francis and Nadia assisting the recently operated-on Emily, who is in progress of completing Project POLARIS. As a parallel to Project ANGEL, Emily herself was also the vessel and namesake of the project that she was working on for the past years. Although, unlike Angelina, Emily did **not** lose her memories, and simply goes through rehabilitation like normal (Despite initially being blind).* \
*// A follow-up log will take place in late **2068**, where Project POLARIS fully reaches completion and the archives are finalised and put into use, now continuously watched by Polaris.*

## SOLARdawn Preliminary Circuit
### Activity log in the Western Wing, Polaris's quarters, Monitored by Unit 2C - September 23rd, 2073
*// Welcome back, Polaris. A new message is available for you in your inbox. Would you like me to read this out for you? //* \
Closing the door behind her, she opened her left eye as soon as the lock kept the door tightly in place, its pink glow slightly illuminating the room before her. But within a mere second, the lights in the room jumped to life and gave the walls their unique orange glow, a feeling of warmth washing over Polaris as she stepped forward towards her desk, letting out a deep sigh. **"Does the message come from PALMER-EDEN? Read its title aloud if so, 2C."** She said back to the enormous display that was right behind the desk she had been walking towards. The room itself had been decorated to give it a feeling akin to what a common autumn theme would bring, with orange lights, colourful trees with orange and red leaves decorating the corners of the room in intricately designed potted plants. A large chandelier in the very centre of the room was the main source of light, and a large Mharáni-designed carpet muffled the steps that she took towards her desk, the threads of her robe gently brushing against the textile of the carpet. \
*// Correct. The message originates from Central Chicago. It is titled: "Announcement of Martin Palmer's passing." Would you like me to read the entire message aloud? //* \
Standing still in her tracks, Polaris chucked to herself before continuing, her hand travelling to her head to press tightly against it. **"Idiot."** She laughed to herself, seating herself down behind her desk as the various screens on her desk jumped to life, once more showing the seemingly breaking news of the passing of the man who once stood at the forefront of technology all these decades ago. With a simple gesture, she instructed 2C to leave the message be and to discard it right away, and promptly, it complied, a small animation of an envelope getting packaged and immediately put into a bin playing on its little display. Her other eye opened too the longer she looked through the various channels that were bombarding her with information regarding the passing of what had been her superior once upon a time, already a decade ago. The two had frequent contact together back when she still worked in Chicago herself, but the breakout of war in 2062 left her and Francis seeking another means of conducting research in a safe manner. It was the reason that Project Polaris existed in its current state, the reason that she had this much control and knowledge about the archives. The transferral to SOLARdawn was the reason that she and Francis had fallen out of frequent contact with his necessities moving elsewhere, too. He'd become a lecturer, he'd become the main lead in Project Core, and even with a schedule as busy as his, he was still a surgeon down to the very bottom. \
Twirling her wrists to loosen them up, it didn't take much longer before Polaris commenced her usual archival work. She had been working on verifying and peer-reviewing existing projects, and projects that were still awaiting her to look through it. Even if 4C had been developed far enough to be able to replace Polaris's work in a matter of seconds, it was merely a hobby for her by this point, and with a smile on her face, her work began. \
But it didn't go as smoothly as she was used to, and it had been relatively disturbed by the constant reminders of the news of Palmer's passing. Every now and then, another new message would interrupt her about his shocking death, and it had sent ripples through not just PALMER-EDEN itself, but even reached as far as the various wings of SOLARdawn. And now, it was disturbing her work, subconsciously having started to look at projects that Palmer had had a lead in before his death. Before long, her focus had dwindled, and her eyes had landed on Project Gradient, what had once been Palmer's prized project. It worked hand in hand with Project Violet, but while the latter was being developed in Amadnésam, the former was still being developed in the very heart of Chicago. At least, it had been. **"Terminated.."** Polaris whispered to herself as she read the status of Project Gradient aloud. **"Project terminated and abandoned. Subject presumed dead."** She continued, reading through the activity logs that led to such a climax as if it were a plot point of a nailbiter thriller. **"Blood's still on the walls..?"** She chuckled, reading up further on the massacre that Gradient had committed on the J-Level of the Tower in hopes to escape from the tightening grip of PALMER-EDEN. **"And Palmer himself pushing her into the Shaft. How radical.."** Polaris smiled, her head wobbling to the sides as the time flew by, her eyes now buried deep into the long and vast history of Project Gradient. Even if Project Polaris had already finished many years ago, and Project Core was reaching its predicted ceiling too, neither of them came close to the timeframe that Palmer had laid out for Project Gradient. And yet, in just a mere few days, every ounce of effort he had invested into the project for almost 40 years straight had been tossed down to the depths of the Tower as if it were nothing. And yet, it didn't bother Polaris, nor her own project, at all. Palmer himself had vowed to give her full access and control over any project that would enter concept phases and eventually receive green light at her own hands, rather than his. Illinois was Palmer's home, and anything that would happen under the wings of SOLARdawn would be overseen by Polaris from the very moment that the self-titled project would reach its completion. And since 2066, so it has. But with her eyes drifting from the announcement of Palmer's death, to Project Gradient, they soon ended up in Project Violet, which had been a project under Polaris's own wings, in a figurative and literal manner. **"Right.."** She began, her eyes and focus immediately burying themselves within the maze of words laid out before her on the various monitors. **"They cracked the code years ago.. and now.."** She continued, the endless stream of progress reports flying before her eyes as her white eye flashed intensively, harvesting and processing every byte of data in a mere millisecond. And reaching the last page, the most recent progress report appeared, with a small photo attached of the most successful subject to date. A smile appeared on Polaris's face as she looked more closely at it, looking for any flaws that might have occurred throughout the project, but ultimately finding none. **"Oh, little Cisila.."** She smiled to herself, her eyes sparkling as her smile grew wider the longer she stared. **"They've made you beautiful, haven't they? A flower yet to bloom.."** \
*// Polaris, a person is waiting at your door. I presume it is Ezarea. Course of action? //* 2C suddenly chimed, snapping Polaris out of her slight trance as she blinked a few times, before her eyes remained closed once more. **"Door's unlocked, Francis, come inside."** She smiled, the sound of the door's lock retracting echoing through the room, followed by the handle turning and the door promptly opening. *"Polaris."* Francis smiled, having stepped through the doorframe, his eyes locking on Polaris's face, who almost looked to be fast asleep. *"Ladashvili is waiting for you, an Alexandrie representative."* He continued, followed by a soft sigh exiting Polaris's lips. **"Of course, Francis. 2C, maintain oversight, I'll be back soon."** She smiled, stepping back away from her desk to follow Francis once more.
#### Addendum
This opens the door for:
- A relation between **Little Cisila** and **Polaris**. The two might meet one another infrequently, and while Polaris's appearance might be slightly creepy (Ref. Shiori/Columbina) it can lead to a yet undeveloped turning point in **2076**, which will be hand in hand with *[[ANGEL - Story]]* and *Heavy Rainfall Warning*. 
	- This *does* need a proper look into the existing (Or rather, developing) relationship that Cisila has with **Gradient**, in order to not create too much of an overlap between the two that might require either existing stories to undergo a rewrite.
- Further depth as to what Polaris's purpose is, as well as the actual history and progress of **Project POLARIS**. As of right now, Project POLARIS is an archival project founded and led by Polaris herself (**Emily Østengaard**) and overseen by **Martin Palmer** himself, before the inevitable split of PALMER-EDEN from 2062-2065 following the outbreak of war. After Francis and Emily had moved to SOLARdawn, the separation of control happened and all projects on Earth were overseen by Palmer, while projects on Lúniks were kept under Polaris's wings.
	- This also requires a more proper timeline for Project POLARIS. As of right now, this project will probably reach completion in late **2064**.
- A more in-depth look at the *Jákovy-Alexandrie Scandal*, and the reason that **Dave Mullan** is transferred to the Alexandrie Campus soon after Project ANGEL commenced. **Mahadra Ladashvili** is a name that will return in that specific chapter of Angel's grand story.

### Conversation between Polaris and Ladashvili, Monitored by Unit EX_C - June 27th, 2074
With a quiet chime, the little silver box was placed on the table, its display indicating a dim strobe light that flashed every few seconds in red, letting its users know that it was recording the current conversation. It had no camera module installed, and in fact, this model in particular had never been planned to have such modules installed. The man on the opposing end of the table smiled to himself, his hand resting on his chin as he took a good look at the little machine that was placed in the centre of the table. *"I'm surprised you've kept these around."* He said to nobody in particular, his smile widening in almost an impressed manner. *"I'd assumed you'd have replaced it with the most recent iteration by now, isn't this a decade old, now?"* \
The woman that had seated down adjacent to the man reflected his smile, but her eyes remained closed. **"There's no reason for me to abandon it. 2C is maintaining the Western Wing by itself, and even so, EX_C is still working as intended, even if experimental. There's no necessity to decommission it."** She smiled back. Her left eye opened slowly, its pink glow revealing itself to the man that sat before her. Her tone had changed in a matter of seconds. **"But we're not here for matters about CORE, are we, Dr. Ladashvili?"** \
The man chuckled for a moment, his straight, shoulder-length hair swaying as he turned around, taking a folder from the bag at his feet and placing it on the table, presenting it to Polaris. *"Of course."* He smiled, watching her open up the folder and peeking through every single page in just a few seconds, somehow analysing every written word and processing it almost immediately, smiling more widely the further she read. **"Ladashvili.."** She began, her brows furrowing as she reached the last page. **"This will elevate the project to a higher security class. I assume you understand that?"** She continued, her illuminated left eye now staring directly at the man before him, who didn't seem to be dazed by the stare at all. Instead, he simply nodded, pushing up his glasses before stepping up from his chair, bending slightly over the table to untie the various papers from the folder. *"I fully understand, Polaris. Please take a look at page 17. Understanding the existing projects that are laid out on your table, I believe that it may play a significant part in contributing to these projects as well."* He began, smiling warmly while turning over a few more pages. *"For example, you mentioned the requirement of an open-heart surgery for Project ANGEL. The anaesthetics we are developing may allow the surgeons to gain an extended window of time, granting a higher chance of success, even when using Ultima organs."* \
**"You're being overly formal, Mahadra."** Polaris chuckled, tracing her finger over the words that Mahadra was pointing out to her. **"And for this, the existing anaesthetics research division will move to your campus?"** She continued, looking him back into the eyes, her left eye no longer shimmering as much as it did before. Mahadra simply nodded, his expression having turned a little more serious than before. *"Correct, Polaris. This includes the aforementioned team that we have discussed in May this year."* \
Polaris sighed, her face resting on her hand, her elbow pressing into the table as her eye closed once more. **"More archival work for me to work out.."** She sighed, smiling to herself afterwards. **"You have my blessing, Mahadra. The earliest I believe the team can move to the Alexandrie Campus will most likely be in October, but we'll keep in touch."** \
Putting together all the papers that had been spread over the table once more, Mahadra smiled warmly, closing the folder and keeping it tightly in place under his arm. *"I believe that concludes this progress report, Polaris."* He said, his gaze switching and forth between EX_C on the table, and Polaris, who had by now stood up from her seat as well. **"I'll send you a copy of the conversation as per usual, Mahadra."** She smiled, returning to her seat once more. Bowing slightly, Mahadra was quick to take his leave, and hearing the door close in the distance, Polaris sighed quietly under her breath, her left eye reopening to take a good look at the decade-old unit before her. With a click on the button in the bottom left, it chimed quietly, its display giving nothing more but a green light. The recording had been saved. Even despite its age, the originally experimental Core unit still proved to be viable to this day, and even if 2C and 4C were actively outperforming it, it was still able to keep up with the tasks that Polaris was giving it. And although they weren't as intensive as maintaining the active defence system surrounding the SOLARdawn Campus, it was still more than enough for Polaris's needs. Giving it a little tap on its silver frame, Polaris smiled, before taking our a folder of papers from the bag she had brought along. With another quiet sigh, she opened up the folder, reading the very first word upfront. "ANGEL", it read. And before long, Polaris would be ironing out the last details for the proposed project by Angelina Velana. Her project was the main reason that she was having the conversation with Mahadra just now in the first place. Her project, titled "ANGEL", would see the use of a decade-old Ultima organ, something that had been stored away unused for many years since the transferral of Palmer-Eden to SOLARdawn on Lúniks. But next to Angelina, Francis saw potential in the project as well, and both were extremely keen on making it a reality. And with the help of Mahadra's anaesthetics, the pathways were beginning to open up wide for the project. All that was left was for Polaris to give it the go-ahead, and wait for all necessary elements to be made ready as well. **"Ambitious."** Polaris smiled, closing the folder once more after finishing the last page of the proposal. **"Yet solid."** She chuckled to herself, finishing her tea, and standing back up from her chair. **"EX_C, schedule a meeting between Ezarea and Velana. He'll announce the good news to her."**

### Activity log in the Western Wing, Polaris's quarters, monitored by Unit 2C - August 07th, 2075
*// A person is waiting at your door, Polaris. Their silhouette matches that of Ezarea. Course of action? //* \
**"Door's unlocked. Come inside."** The voice replied, her eyes locked on the small peephole at the very centre of the door. It was relatively reinforced, and although there had never been a threat of a break-in into this office before, it had been there from the very start, even before Polaris had moved into this room. The door was quite old, too, and creaked loudly as it was pushed forward, the small textile accent at the bottom of the door brushing along the floor as the silhouette that previously stood behind it, now stood in front of the door. *"Polaris."* He said quietly, bowing slowly and delicately. At least twenty metres separated the two, and yet, he could feel the tense atmosphere in the room even standing in the doorframe. *"I have a request to make."* \
**"You're at the right place. Come closer, Francis, you know I don't bite."** She replied immediately, smiling warmly as her head lifted upwards. Her eyes had closed, and remained so, only leaving Francis more nervous as he approached Polaris who was still seated at her desk. Her hands were held together, her elbows resting on the desk with her fingers intertwined. The door closed behind Francis, and his remaining footsteps echoed through the seemingly endless room. Every step seemed to push him further away from Polaris, rather than closer, and yet, he arrived at her desk exactly nineteen steps later. Her left eye opened, revealing a luminescent pink iris. She eyed Francis's distressed posture, the nervous expression on his face. The sweat was already rolling down his forehead. Whatever it was that Polaris seemed to possess, it was frightening Francis to his very core. **"I don't have all day, Francis."** She sighed, her eye slowly closing once more in disappointment and disinterest. \
*"I have.. a request for Project Angel, Polaris."* Francis promptly began, standing upright and clearing his throat before continuing, pushing up his glasses as he inhaled deeply. *"I'd like to make a formal amendment. I see a potential direction that the project may see better succes in as compared to where it stands now."* \
Polaris's left eye reopened, the pink, illuminating iris looking directly into Francis's very own blue eyes, her head tilted slightly. **"Proceed."** \
*"..Right.. I believe the Flame Heart may see similar use like Project Gradient. Despite its age, Ultima hasn't experienced a falloff like Palmer-Eden once predicted. I believe it is worth it to expand the project into something in the same alleyway to Project Gradient, and move Project Angel to SOLARsec, and the military."* Francis continued, the nerves beginning to get to him, sweat dripping down from not just his forehead, but all the way to his chin. His hands were still behind his back, and he refused to make eye contact with Polaris, who was now eyeing the display on her left. \
She didn't seem to be impressed by Francis's request. **"2C, what went wrong with Project Gradient, again?"** \
*// An external intervention caused the subject to break free of their chains, effectively ending the project immediately. Putting Project Angel on those same rails may lead it to the same end result that Project Gradient faced //* The unit immediately replied, leaving Polaris's gaze travelling back to the nervous eyes of Francis. **"The subject escaped, and broke free of their chains."** She sighed. **"2C has a point, Francis. How will you prevent fate from repeating itself?"** \
Francis cleared his throat once more, finally breaking his staredown with the coat of arms that was decorating the walls behind Polaris. Taking a deep breath, he stared directly into Polaris's only opened eye, the pink iris almost having a hypnotising effect on him. Its glow was mesmerising, and the iris was pulsing ever so slightly. But clearing his mind, he instead nodded slowly, opening his mouth, and began to defend his stance. *"Dr. Merrent has had a crucial psychological impact on Angel, and has played a role in the gradual return of her memories from before the Flame Heart operation. I believe that removing Merrent from the equation will cause the memories to dwindle, especially if Angel is transported out of her comfort grounds."* \
**"Will that not cause distress, Francis?"** Polaris immediately interrupted him, gazing deer and deeper into Francis's soul as her eye began to glimmer, pulsing slightly. **"Will it not cause Angel to disobey? You've created an independent weapon that commands the flames to her will. How certain are you she will not wield these against you?"** \
Francis remained quiet for a moment, seemingly deeply lost in thought. Polaris's question appeared to have caught him off guard, and yet, for the first time, the sweat had completely disappeared off his forehead. He stood steadfast, his feet cemented to the floor, absolutely certain and confident in his position in the project that he wanted to take to the next direction that he felt was right. *"A killswitch. We'll have her go under the knife once more. If she wields her flames against our own, it will be her last."* \
Polaris's right eye opened, revealing another luminescent iris, but unlike the one on her left, this one was almost fully white, being surrounded by a black ring, and a black pupil. It caused Francis to shiver. But even despite the riled up fear through his spine, Polaris smirked. **"Ridiculous, Francis!"** She laughed, her hands now held together. \
**"Make it so."** She smiled, almost grinning widely and maliciously. **"Make it so, Francis. You have my blessing."**

### Activity log in the Western Wing, monitored by Unit 2C - September 20th, 2076
*"I've actually been meaning to ask, but how do you live life while practically blind?"* The woman next to Polaris asked with a wide smile on her face. The two had just exited the gym, following their routine training session that had been recommended to Polaris to follow many years ago. Her role as an archiver left her seated in the same place for long hours on end, and simple cardio training at least gave her the opportunity to remain active and health, even if it wasn't exactly a necessity for her. **"I still can see everything clear as day."** Polaris smiled back, facing the woman while keeping her eyes closed. **"I know you have your hands behind your back, Nadia, holding two fingers up on your right hand."** She chuckled, catching Nadia off guard as her eyes opened wide in surprise. *"No wonder you navigate everywhere so effortlessly.."* Nadia mumbled back, her hands moving away from her back to disappear into the pockets of her coat. The two continued to walk through the hallways of the Western Wing, and while Nadia was set to return to her lab work, Polaris was headed towards her own office once more to resume her work. Francis had informed her about the progress of the past year regarding Project ANGEL, especially since it had been a little over two years since the project first commenced. And before long, she had reached her office once more, and pressing her hand against the biometric lock, it clicked quietly out of the doorframe and moved forward automatically, brushing against the floor slowly while all the lights in the room jumped to life. A warm smile appeared on Polaris's face as she stepped through the door, taking off her shoes in her usual fashion before stepping towards her desk, her robe brushing against the soft carpet on the floor, the door closing quietly behind her. \
*// Welcome back, Polaris. //* 2C chimed the second she sat down behind her desk, the screens coming to life as her left eye slowly opened. But instead of her usual slow startup process at a time like this, it opened wide the very second she read the first message that had reached her, followed by 2C repeating the very words that were on her mind. \
*// A new message is available for you. It is of extreme urgency. SOLARsec has come in contact with subject Gradient of Project GRADIENT in Block ES7. This Block has shut down as a resulting measure. //* \
Listening to 2C, Polaris read the very same message on her central monitor as well, her eye gradually going from total shock, to a calm state once more. Her white eye remained closed, indicating that she didn't need to see much more information hidden within the message. Normally, she would be able to immediately picture the very source of the message as if she was right there when it happened. If she were to open it, it would transfer her mind immediately to the very moment the encounter with Gradient occurred with SOLARsec. And yet, she had already imagined this exact outcome, and instead, smiled warmly to herself as her left eye closed once more. Exhaling quietly, she leaned back in her chair, chuckling to herself. **"Oh, Martin, you idiot."** She laughed, her hand resting on her forehead, her eyes remaining closed. **"Gullible until your death. And now I get to clean up your mess post-mortem."** She sighed, reopening her left eye once more to read through the report that she had received from the internal SOLARsec circuit. It tied in almost perfectly with yesterday's report, too. Two people had breached one of SOLARdawn's old research towers, which had been decommissioned about four years ago with the opening of the Campus's Eastern Wing. Polaris knew that there were still plenty of documents left lingering around there, and the young man they had captured admitted to be scouring through these documents too. But he had refused to spill out his motive. In an automated manner, the report in question appeared on the monitor to her left, revealing a poorly-processed profile of the young man in question. **"Lorieux.. Álef.."** Polaris mumbled to herself while reading through the slight amount of information that *was* provided. But she shook her head, not allowing her to get too fed up with incomplete files this late into the night. **"2C, inform Francis that Angel will interrogate our little pickpocket tomorrow."** She smiled to herself while glancing at the little red-tinted box at the end of her desk, followed by a single chime from 2C that indicated her request was processed, made clear by a green tick shown on its little display. \
Polaris twirled her wrists once more to loosen them up. The small backlog had been emptied, which now allowed her to fully focus on the developing situation that was happening in Block ES7. The stream of data began to wash over her in a matter of seconds, and it didn't take long before she closed her eye once more, covering her face with her hands as the reality of the situation was beginning to dawn onto her. **"Great."** She mumbled to herself, her normally sweet voice having been exchanged with a slightly deeper one, muffled by her hands before her mouth. **"2C, emergency schedule adjustment, starting tomorrow at nine."** Polaris said the very moment her hands left her face. Her tone of voice had drastically changed, and she seemed to be on the edge. The friendly Polaris from not even an hour ago that spoke to Nadia was exchanged with a more serious version of herself, one that was set to keep the existing projects off the faces of those unauthorised. **"I must tidy up the archives. We're getting a visitor."**

### Activity log in the Western Wing, monitored by Unit EX_C - September 21st, 2076
Panic had ensued throughout the halls, and everyone in charge was on high alert. What once started as a relatively peaceful day like every other day that had passed, this time around, history was actively being written. *"Polaris!"* The man yelled to hear from the distance, and even so, she remained in standstill before the opened door to the archives. Just a few hours ago, she had been tidying up all folders, declassifying what could be declassified, and leaving be all the projects that would be able to see the broad daylight without issue. But it wasn't just the intrusion of the archives that had disturbed the Western Wing. *"Polaris!"* The voice yelled again, now approaching her rapidly. Her gaze remained unchanged, her hand was resting on the doorframe, and she was analysing the full history of the room of the past hours, her white eye pulsing rapidly as every single event that took place in this very room replayed in her mind. A few locks had been scattered over the floor, which already told Polaris enough. **"How rude.."** She smiled to herself, her eyes slowly closing once more as the steps from the distance had almost reach her. **"At least clean up your mess behind you.."** \
*"Polaris..!"* The man said once more, huffing as he desperately tried to catch his breath, his hands resting on his knees. Disinterested, Polaris turned around to face him, frowning as she not only recognised the voice, but also the face of the man before her. **"No need to rush, Francis."** She simply said, her tone indicating a slight hint of annoyance from the entire situation. But taking a deep breath, Francis shook his head, and began to explain. *"No.. there is a rush.."* He huffed, still struggling to catch his breath, but at least feeling able enough to talk more properly now. *"They've.. taken Cisila.. she's missing.."* He finished, coughing loudly to clear his throat. And yet, Polaris's frown remained. **"And what will you do about it?"** She simply replied, a deeper, even more annoyed tone in her voice. Crossing her arms, she watched Francis finally stand upright once more, a similar expression on his face being revealed to her. He was not just confused, but also slightly offended by Polaris's disinterested answer. *"Me..?"* He asked, pointing his index finger to himself, his eyes opening a little wide. *"Are you not the one to lead the security regarding VIOLET?"* He continued, a deeper hint of surprise in his voice rather than annoyance. **"VIOLET isn't under my wings."** Polaris immediately replied, her left foot moving to the side, preparing to depart from what felt like an unnecessary discussion with her long-term colleague and fellow project lead. *"Polaris."* Francis said, facing her back. *"Think of Palmer's wishes. You wouldn't want your projects interrupted either, would you?"* \
Polaris stood still for a moment, before chuckling quietly under her breath. **"Palmer is dead. I'm not letting ghosts decide for me."** She said almost emotionless. Her voice was relatively monotone and stale, and it persisted as she continued. **"You're in charge, Francis. Tizen has sent Angel here, and you can deploy HDEATH if you wish. I've done my part."** \
Without turning around to face Francis, Polaris simply moved away from Francis, away from the archives. For her, her work was simply completed. She had minimalised any sort of damage regarding her projects, or regarding any projects under her literal and figurative wings, for that matter. Her robe continued to brush against the floor, moving away into the distance, leaving Francis only able to watch her walk away from him. He groaned quietly under his breath, and took his phone from his pocket. *"Angel is on her way, huh.."* He whispered to himself, eyeing the time that was displayed on his screen before opening his dialler. *"Not taking that risk. We're getting VIOLET back."* He continued, staring at his phone while typing in the department code for SOLARsec, dialling immediately after. *"If I'm in charge."* He sighed, placing the earpiece against his ear. *"HDEATH will find her and retrieve her."*

*//*

*"Polaris, if I may.."* A quiet voice called for her after having knocked on her door. 2C was still in maintenance mode, so there was no active surveillance that was able to analyse who it was awaiting her response at the door to her office. But luckily, it was an easily recognisable voice to Polaris. **"Door's unlocked, Nadia."** She smiled, looking up from the displays before her, closing her eyes once more as Nadia stepped forward through the doorframe. She was dressed in the standard researcher's attire, except for the lab coat, but was also holding a small bag. *"I know it's late.."* She began, quietly and slowly stepping towards Polaris's desk, her eyes drifting to the side. *"It's a request from Francis.. He's currently at Control and deployed H..DEATH.."* By now she had reached the desk, and gently placed her hands on the desk, resting them on it while her eyes continued to face away from Polaris. *"But still he wonders.. Why didn't you prevent the archives from being raided in the first place? It seems like it was the lead cause to Cisila's abduction.."* \
Polaris sighed deeply, her hands rubbing her face for a moment, before she opened her left eye slowly, looking directly at Nadia, even if she wasn't looking back at her. **"Palmer and I worked separately since 2059."** She began, moving her hands together while rolling back in her chair slightly. **"After we moved to SOLARdawn, we mutually agreed to split the projects in two, and not interfere with one another's projects. It's why only GRADIENT and VIOLET technically remained on Earth, and every other project was put under my wings."** Sighing quietly, Polaris too looked to the side, the luminescence of her eye dwindling slightly as she gathered her last string of words. **"I don't care if Palmer is dead. I'm not interfering with his projects. It's a promise I've made, and not one I'll break."** \
*"I can respect that.."* Nadia whispered back quietly, now looking back at Polaris, whose own eyes had darted to the side too now. And even so, an uneasy atmosphere filling the spacious room the two found themselves in. Without 2C here to fill in the silence and assist the two with any information they might need, it was just the quiet whirring of the life systems that filled the room. **"Both of his surviving projects are now here."** Polaris suddenly continued, interrupting and suddenly disturbing the awkward silence in the room. **"Gradient was the one to abduct Cisila. It's up to Francis what happens next."** 

### Activity log en route, monitored by Unit 2C+ - September 22nd, 2076
The rain had settled a few hours ago, deep within the night. But the quiet splashing of water picking up after thick, weather-sealed boots stepped through them reminded everyone of the dreadful storm that had crossed Amadnésam throughout the course of the week. By now, all blocks of the enormous gridlocked city had reactivated their power circuits, and even if the air was still very damp and humid, life was picking up like normal again. \
Even so, the footsteps that echoed through the long alleyway, decorated by neon lights and tall buildings, were especially quiet. Only the gentle rustle of the wind was accentuating their footsteps, blending perfectly together with the splashes of water after almost every other step taken, giving anyone eavesdropping a sense that the rain was still falling. But after a moment, the splashing of water stopped, followed by the silence encompassing the entire street. It was almost sunrise, but until then, the street signs and artificial lights hanging off buildings and illuminating streets would provide the only sort of light until the sun would rise and have *her* light illuminate anything in its sight. \
A quiet sigh brushed along the concrete walls, and a feint, pink light blended in beautifully with the other, vibrant lights of all shops and streets. A tap against the concrete wall came next, and was followed by the quiet sound of gloves brushing along it, the pink glow tracing the finger all the way until the end of the street, where it looked like a ravage had taken place. The footsteps that followed along the way reached a standstill once more, and a quiet chuckle followed. **"Little excessive.."** The voice smiled, her left eye remaining opened as she scanned the surroundings of the street. Her hand had still been resting against the corner of the building, but after assessing the damage dealt, she slowly let go of the wall and crossed her arms, seemingly getting deeper and deeper in thought. Her eye darted across all angles of the street, the enormous footprints of the HDEATH suits still being clearly visible, and the elephant in the room was an obliterated trashcan, leaving behind a patten of garbage that had been splattered across the street upon being on the receiving end of a plasma blast. \
*"Polaris, I don't think this is the right-"* A voice called for her from just around corner. Their voice was slightly altered and robotised, informing Polaris that they belonged to a SOLARsec security guard. But raising her hand up, she continued to stare forward at the havoc before her. **"No."** She simply replied, stepping forward through the puddles of water towards the trash can. A hole had been cleanly burned through the very centre of the bin, having been pierced from the front and exiting almost straight ahead back out of the other side, pulverising and incinerating anything that was within its path. Taking a deep breath, she stood still once more, her eye closing as she turned around to face almost directly at the SOLARsec guard that stood at the end of the street. Even if their eyes didn't meet, the guard's heart still skipped a beat upon witnessing Polaris turn around effortlessly with her eyes closed, reminding them once more about her blindness. *"Sorry, Polaris-"* They stammered back, but once more getting interrupted. **"No, Denzel, this is the right direction."** Polaris simply smiled back, her hands held together just below her stomach. Denzel's mouth opened wide, and even if it was covered by a black mask with red LEDs, Polaris's smile remained on her face, almost as if she could see through the mask as if it were nothing. *"H-how.. did y-"* \
**"If you treasure your memories, look away now."** Polaris simply smiled, turning around to face the trash can once more, and inhaling deeply through her nose, she exhaled slowly through her mouth. 

Both of her eyes opened, and in an instant, a mixture of a pink and white flash illuminated the rest of the street. The wings that had been on the back of her head spread wide, and with her hands resting under her stomach, suddenly, the rain began to fall once more as the exact events of the night before re-enacted themselves before Polaris's eyes. Her right eye was pulsating vividly, the sound of the heavy rainfall overwhelming her hearing, until the quiet, rapid footsteps began to approach her. The trashcan returned once more to its previous location, the blast it had endured from the plasma rifle having disappeared. Time passed by rapidly and slowly at once, giving Polaris a free way to view the street from any angle imaginable. The footsteps that had been approaching her quickly reached an end, and looking against the concrete wall that the trash can stood against, another figure now sat behind it. **"There's our kidnapper.."** Polaris smiled, both of her eyes glowing intensively as she stared at the easily-recognisable figure before her, seated behind the trashcan while the loud clangs of the HDEATH suits were beginning to approach the street the two found themselves in. The metal arms of the figure before her were easily noticeable to Polaris, and betrayed her identity immediately, even if the rest of her body was covered by a soaked raincoat. **"What's brought you here, Gradient..?"** Polaris mumbled to herself, thinking out loud now that the noise of the rain drowned out her thoughts, followed by the noise of the HDEATH suits turning around the corner. The searchlights attached to their helmets now flashed into the street Polaris stood in the middle of, her own eyes no longer the brightest. *"Human. Seems to be hiding."* The robotic voice of one of the HDEATH suits suddenly said, both of the searchlights now facing the trash can that Gradient was hiding behind, and Polaris was standing beside. With a warm smile on her face, Polaris could see the increasingly worried look on Gradients face as the enormous battlesuits came closer and closer to the two of them. The whirring of the suits was getting increasingly loud, the servos struggling to move around the enormous weight of the metal smoothly. *"Hiding behind that trashcan. Warning shot."* The other soldier said, and without much further thought, the first HDEATH suit raised their arm, wielding a heavy weapon that immediately whirred to life. Its tip began to glow a slight orange, and almost immediately, Gradient stood up and sprinted towards the other end of the street where Polaris had originally arrived from. But instead of following where Gradient veered off to, Polaris's eyes averted to her left, facing directly into the searchlights, eagerly watching the plasma rifle warm up, and just a moment after, the orange pulse exited the rifle and pierced cleanly through the trashcan, its contents incinerating and scattering all over the street, leaving behind a wreckage that hadn't been touched ever since. The heat of the blast brushed against her face, and with her eyes wide open, the bright searchlights gradually dissipated once more as the rain ceased to fall, the sunrise slowly beginning to seep the orange light of Choreos into every corner of the streets of Amadnésam. *"Little Praha, Hlavní Street..!"* Were the last words to come out of the HDEATH suit before their ear-deafening footsteps dissipated too. Polaris's warm smile remained on her face, but a sigh still exited her lips, her right eye slowly closing now that its usage was no longer necessary. Stepping forwards to the end of the hallway where Denzel had been waiting for her together with the rest of the SOLARsec team, her left eye was quick to follow as well. **"2C."** Polaris simply said, and followed by a little chime, Polaris continued, her hands now pocketed. **"Inform Francis that Cisila's location is unknown."**


## Project ANGEL
### Communication log between Angelina and Dave, monitored by Unit 4C - August 10th, 2074
*// LOG ENTRY INITIATED. This conversation is now being recorded by request of Director Mullan. //* \
**"Yeah, whatever, 4C, it won't change my stance whether you record it or not."** Angelina sighed. Before her was a packed folder with not just her own research papers, but a handful of verification papers that she had to go through as well. To her annoyance, she had already decided to pull the trigger on her own sacrifice for this project, and yet, one year after her incredibly tough decision had been made, she had still not moved a single metre forward. *"It's routine, sorry."* The man that was seated next to her said back, a slight hint of annoyance in his own voice as well. *"We'll start at the very top. Dr. Velana, have you read through the terms, conditions, and clauses cited in your papers, and those you have received from SOLARdawn's internal circuit?"* \
**"Twice per day, during lunch and before bedtime. And each and every time I've agreed. Dave, is this really necessary? My stance has remained unchanged since September."** Angelina immediately replied, sighing deeply and crossing her arms as her eyes veered back and forth between the papers, and the Unit that was recording the conversation. *"Let me phrase it differently."* Dave replied, placing the sheet of paper and his pen back on the table before turning his chair around to face Angelina directly. His expression betrayed him, a sense of worry and uncertainty was on full display for her to see. *"Angelina, you understand that if you go through with this, the person known as "Dr. Angelina Velana" will cease to exist, do you? Regardless of whether the project succeeds or fails, the person that you are right now, the person that I'm having this conversation with, will die."* He continued, taking pauses while speaking to find the correct words, a slight tremble in his voice. \
In response, Angelina glanced away from Dave, and instead took a hold of the stack of papers herself. Taking the pen, she skimmed through the seemingly endless list of verification checks, reading once more through all risks involved, the procedure that would take place, and the ultimate fate that she would face. And yet, she flew through the papers. Angelina knew exactly what not just Dave, but the rest of SOLARdawn was worried about, and even so, she scribbled her signature at the very bottom of each page, dropping the pen loudly on top of the table and resuming the stare into Dave's eyes. **"Does this answer you, Dave?"** She asked, her brows furrowing. \
*"I.. believe it does.."* He sighed back, his elbow resting on the table and his hand now pressing against his forehead. *"But, Angelina, even if you agree, I don't think Polaris would-"* \
**"Polaris has not once agreed with me, Dave, every paper that has the name "Velana" stamped on it is rejected!"** Angelina scoffed, almost snapping completely upon the mere mention of the name "Polaris". Holding her hand flat on the table, she did her best to hold back from lashing out any further, but taking a deep breath, she slowly continued. **"This project is separate from Polaris's wishes altogether. I could not care less what they have to say about it, it doesn't involve them in the slightest."** \
Dave was left shocked, and even if he would bring up what was on his mind, he knew that it would not help Angelina's case any further. As much as he hated to admit it, he wasn't able to convince her in the slightest about changing her stance, changing anything regarding the project she had been working on for over a year now. She was at the doorstep of finally starting Project Angel, something she had been dreaming of working towards, something she had envisioned from the very moment she first walked through the doors in Amadnésam almost a decade ago. \
*"I get it, forget that I mentioned Polaris altogether."* He said back in defeat, and taking a folder from the far end of the table, he handed it to Angelina. *"This is from a few decades ago, back when PALMER-EDEN was still in service in Illinois. 4C has analysed it and figured out that there have been no reported cases where Ultima and Leremkov have been mixed. It thinks it might hamper the project."* He continued, a worried smile appearing on his face while Angelina's eyes darted towards the small, orange box that was on top of the table on their opposing end. In its centre, it had a camera lens that was continuously recording the conversation between the two researchers, but 4C was capable of much, much more when connected to its main terminal in the research halls. But raising her eyebrow, Angelina didn't think too much of the robot's ideas about her project. **"Have the old man Vitaly come to my office as soon as possible. I know he's in Amadnésam right now, and if this really is the last weak link, I will have it fixed and start immediately."** She said, her eyes darting from the spinning camera lens towards Dave's eyes. But in a matter of seconds, she bundles up all her papers and left the signed checklist on the table, standing up from her chair and promptly leaving the room. With a deep sigh, Dave could only watch her leave and close the door shut tight behind her, and glancing to his right, he skimmed through the papers that Angelina had left behind. Each and every checkbox was marked on "Agree", only cementing her fate as the vessel for the project. Shaking his head, he stared at the papers in disbelief for a few moments, before glancing at the orange box, the worried smile remaining on his face. *"4C, stop the recording."* \
*// LOG ENTRY ENDED. The recording has been saved. Connect me to a terminal to view it. //*
#### Addendum
**Project Angel**, as designed by the namesake **Angelina Velana** herself, is a project that attempts to unlock humanity's full potential, combining the supernaturalism of the once prestigious **Ultima** project that dated back to **PALMER-EDEN**, and the ever developing possibilities that open up by **Vitaly Leremkov**'s ongoing research with mixing human DNA with animal DNA to reduce or outright remove any flaws within the human genome. \
Even with all risks assessed, it would still be an enormous challenge to have everything go smoothly during a single operation. As nobody was willing enough to become the vessel for the project, Angelina herself made the decision after searching and waiting for half a year, eventually stepping forward to become the recipient of a **Flame Heart**. (*// This is what allows Angel to ignite her spear at free will in [[KILLJOY - Story]], the shaft of the spear is a channel that prevents the spear itself from igniting and burning, channelling her ability to the tip alone.*) \
The operation alone is where things become more awry. The replacement of a heart, and the subsequent stress on the recipient's body from the further changes induced by Leremkov, tied together with being under anaesthetics for almost a day straight leaves them with a high risk of amnesia following the operation. This is what Dave implied with *"The person I'm having this conversation with will die"*, as the person that is Angelina will no longer exist following the operation. Under guidance of 4C, she is set to undergo rehabilitation and in the following months, learn to master her abilities and newfound strength, whoever that "Angel" might become.

### Communication log between Angelina and Dave, monitored by Unit 4C - August 17th, 2074
*// LOG ENTRY INITIATED. This conversation is now being recorded by request of Dr. Velana. //* \
With a quiet whirr, 4C's camera spun around once after it was placed on the table, monitoring the conversation that Angelina and Dave were to have right before the very start of Project Angel. Over the past week, Angelina had worked out the final details and flaws that 4C had picked up after analysing her papers, highlighting a potential weak link between the Ultima organ and the addition of Leremkov to her body in the same surgery. It believed that the immense stress that would take place on her body soon after a heart surgery would paralyse her altogether, but once more, Angelina presented a folder of simulated data that she had worked out with Dr. Leremkov, refuting 4C's analysis. After staring at the folder for a moment, Dave hesitantly picked it up from the table while Angelina was gazing deeply into his eyes. She had been waiting for well over a year for the project to kick off, even after having found a suitable vessel for the project: Herself. Slowly and carefully, he read through all eight pages word for word, holding a marker to point out any lines that he left him confused or where he wanted to ask Angelina about, but reaching the last page, the marker was left unused. Defeated, he drops the folder back to the table, and placed his hand on his forehead, struggling to process the reality of the situation. *"I.. take it there's no way for me to convince you otherwise?"* He asked, absentmindedly looking at Angelina's face. \
**"None at all."** She replied firmly, and looking to her left, she looked at 4C's display, imitating a film roll spinning as it continued to record the conversation that the two researchers were having. **"4C, you analysed the paper that Vitaly and I worked out. Did you find any flaws?"** \
*// Indeed, I have analysed your paper. Compared to the previously shared paper, the flaws that I had found on your paper regarding Leremkov have been explored further, and I have not found any remaining flaws requiring attention. I am not authorised to, but were I able to, I would grant this project a green light. //* \
A smile appeared on Angelina's face, as her eyes darted back to Dave's worried face, who seemed to be deeply lost in thought. **"See? Even 4C agrees. The rehab process is laid out for the first year onwards, the Flame Heart is ready, and Vitaly is ready for his part of the operation too. Philippe will monitor me closely for the first month, too. Dave, why are you holding me back still?"** \
*"It doesn't sit easy with me, Angelina. This is essentially the last time we'll talk. The very next time I will.. have a conversation with you.. you will not be the Angelina that I've known for the past ten years."* Dave sighed, burying his face in his hands after finishing with speaking, struggling emotionally to deal with the reality of watching someone willingly step forward into their imminent death. Even if it was for research, it didn't sit easy with him that the prestigious researcher, Dr. Angelina Velana, would offer herself for this project that wasn't even guaranteed to be a success. *"Did it.. really have to be you to be the vessel?"* \
**"Nobody else was willing, and I've searched day and night for half a year."** Angelina scoffed, her brows furrowing now that Dave was returning to the topic of the conversation from just over a week ago. **"Dave, nothing is going to change my mind. If you have nothing notable worth saying anymore, I'll go and check in with Francis for the planning for the operation."** She continued, already beginning to scramble together her papers while constantly keeping an eye on 4C's rolling camera. With a lump in his throat, Dave wasn't able to respond, struggling to find the words, or a single word at all for that matter. Instead, he could only nod slowly, watching his long-term colleague step up from her chair with papers and folders in hand. \
**"Dave."** She began, a feint smile appearing on her face as the two locked eyes for one last time. **"4C, end the recording in 10 seconds. Dave, I'm sorry."** She said, her feint smile quickly being exchanged with a face of worry of her own, before she turned around to face the door of the room that they were in. **"The odds are low, but never zero. I hope my amnesia won't be as severe as expected, I.. hope I'll remember-"** \
*// LOG ENTRY ENDED. The recording has been saved. Connect me to a terminal to view it. //*

### Activity log in operation room, monitored by Unit 4C in Terminal SR-E1 - August 23rd, 2074
*// Terminal connection point recognised. Please wait a moment... //* \
*// Establishing connection with Terminal SR-E1. Please wait a moment while our data points perform a handshake. //* \
*// Handshake successful. Unit 4C is now connected to Terminal SR-E1. Please verify your identity before accessing the Terminal's data point to view or handle my data. //* \
*// Biometric data point detected. Analysing... //* \
*// Verification successful. Welcome, Dr. Vitaly Leremkov, to Terminal SR-E1. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me. I will assist you in whatever fashion possible. Scheduled today is: Phase two of Project ANGEL. This implies that the vessel has successfully received the Flame Heart. Verifying... //* \
*// Log entry match. At 13:24 MST, the vessel, Dr. Angelina Velana, has received the Flame Heart. Operation was carried out by Dr. Francis Ezarea. Please note: The vessel is still under anaesthetics, and is set to wake up in: 16 hours. Phase two includes the appliance of a modified gene. Dr. Leremkov, it appears you are to carry out this operation. Is this correct? //* \
*// Verification successful. According to my available data, the vessel is situated in operation room SR-E1. All vital health signs are stable and positive. There is no imminent risk of failure for the listed procedure. While connected to this Terminal, I will monitor the health data as the operation proceeds. For added context, I would like to record the audio during the operation as well. Do I have your permission to do so? //* \
*// Verification successful. Dr. Leremkov, I am ready when you are. //* \
**"Ready, 4C. Let's make Angelina's dream a reality."**

### Interaction log between Dave and 4C, generated by Unit 4C - October 2nd, 2074
With a deep, deflated sigh, Dave made his way towards a Terminal in the western wing of the SOLARdawn campus. It wasn't for much longer that he'd be walking through these halls, especially since the research division which he worked in would be moved towards the old Alexandrie campus and research site. But even if it was his last week here, the lunch break he was on right now allowed him to make his way here, and with his heart pounding loudly in his chest, he rested his finger on the biometric fingerprint reader. Keeping a close eye on the Terminal's display, a bar slowly filled as it analysed Dave's biometric data, before a chime alerted him that he had been successfully logged in. To his relief, 4C was currently connected to the Terminal. \
*// Biometric data point detected. Analysing... //* \
*// Verification successful. Welcome, Dr. Dave Mullan, to Terminal GWW-7. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me. I will assist you in whatever fashion possible. Your schedule for today is empty. How may I help you? //* \
Taking a deep breath, Dave continued to stare at the empty schedule before him. Just a month ago, it was packed to the brim with meetings, papers to verify, and research to conduct together with researchers from Alexandrie regarding a flu breakout on Léjtis. But from this week onwards, his schedule would only be available at Terminals within the Alexandrie campus, meaning he was no longer working under SOLARdawn. \
**"4C, please show me the status of Project Angel."** He asked to the Terminal, and in an immediate fashion, a spinning icon on the display informed Dave that 4C was beginning to harvest the data he needed. Even if it had already been over a month, the lack of communication from Project Angel was essentially gone from the very moment Angelina entered the operation room in late August. She had been Dave's only contact regarding the project, and lacking the authorisations to look into it on his own accord, the radio silence had been eating away at him from inside out. \
*// Looking for informative logs related to Project Angel. Please wait a moment while I fetch the data... //* \
*// Fetch successful. Please perform a biometric authentication once more to verify your authorisation level. //* \
Dave felt his heart sink. The thing he was most worried about now seemed to unfold right before his eyes. He couldn't blame 4C for it, nor could he blame himself, or anyone, for simply not being involved directly in the project. With his eyes closed, he took another deep breath, and placed his finger on the biometric reader once more, holding his breath while expecting the worst. \
*// Biometric data point detected. Analysing... Verifying... //* \
*// Verification successful. Authorisation level matched. By request of Dr. Angelina Velana, you can now view the contents of Project Angel. Where would you like to start, Dr. Dave Mullan? //* \
Expecting to be dissappointed, Dave instead opened his eyes wide upon hearing the name Angelina, staring at the monitor in surprise now that it displayed many folders, many activity logs, and all the papers that led up to the research as a whole. Expecting to see nothing, instead, he now could see everything. **"Angelina.."** He whispered to himself, still in disbelief, but now hopeful that he could at least find answers now that he could view everything related to Project Angel. **"4C, it's a lot to take in for me. Can you summarise the project from August until now?"** He asked the brain powering the terminal. Even despite its size, it was capable of processing and handling data much faster than any human has ever been able to. And within a moment it complied, not just fetching and analysing the data in under a second, but presenting it to Dave immediately after. \
*// Fetching and analysing data... Please wait a moment while I summarise it... //* \
*// Summary completed. On August 23rd, 2074, the vessel, from hereon referred to as "Angel", has received the Flame Heart Ultima organ in SR-E1. This operation was carried out by Dr. Francis Ezarea. On August 23rd, 2074, Angel has received an altered genome, this operation has been carried out by Dr. Vitaly Leremkov. On August 24th, 2074, Angel has woken up in RH-E1. Please note: The data between the operation and today is fairly limited. Would you like me to highlight details that might interest you? //* \
With a look of worry on his face and in his eyes, Dave could only nod into the camera on top of the display. It would function as 4C's eye while it was connected to the terminal, but it would be enough for it to recognise Dave's gesture. \
*// Understood. Analysing... //* \
*// I have found a report from Dr. Ezarea, made on September 14th, 2074. Dr. Ezarea describes that Angel is suffering severe amnesia, and is struggling to adapt to what is going on, having no recollection of her past. Even despite this, she is adapting well physically, and has completed the first test with her Flame Heart successfully. Additionally, Dr. Velana herself has given Angel a guidebook on how to go through rehab properly, which should accelerate her recovery over time. //* \
*// Unfortunately, there are no further reports or logs that mention anything different than what I have just presented. What more can I help you with? //* \
Exhaling deeply, Dave began to feel lifeless staring at the monitor. Even despite Angelina's hopefulness that her amnesia wouldn't be as severe as she expected, it had remained nothing but hope. Following the operation, she had still lost her memories completely, and just like Dave had feared, Angelina Velana, his long-time friend and colleague, was effectively dead. But even so, Dave remained hopeful, and refused to let that waving fire within him dwindle and fade. He was beginning to run out of time, and had to make his way back to his own wing too, his lunch break was almost over. Taking a deep breath, he built up the courage one last time to ask 4C a question, expecting to receive the worst, but hopeful to receive a good answer. \
**"4C.."** He began, his voice beginning to tremble slightly. He hadn't seen Angelina in over a month, in fact, the last time he had spoken with her was just a few days before she went under the knife. Her voice continued to echo through his head, only making him worry more, only leaving more doubts in his mind. **"Is.. is there a possibility for me to see her?"** \
The display showed a loading circle once more, but this time around, it took much longer than what 4C usually needed to process a request. It was spinning for at least ten seconds, which was already 20 times longer than usual. It didn't ease up Dave's nerves at all, and holding his breath, the circle faded, and 4C answered. \
*// I'm sorry, at this moment, visitors during Angel's rehabilitation period are not possible. However, I will keep this request in my memory and message you as soon as a spot becomes available. //* \
A deflated smile appeared on Dave's face, and checking his watch once more, he had run out of time to ask 4C any further questions. But before he stepped away from the terminal, another sudden question came up in his mind. **"4C, I'm leaving for Alexandrie next week, which means I'll no longer be registered under SOLARdawn."** He remarked, the realisation settling in that this might be the very last time he would be seeing 4C, or even be allowed to look into Project Angel's files. **"Will I.. keep access?"** \
*// Correct. Your biometric data, and the profile attached to it, will not change even when out of office. //* \
Dave's smile became more genuine, and even if his worries for Angelina remained circling in his head, he at least felt more at ease knowing that she was going through rehab fine, knowing that he'd at least be able to see her again. Even if it would be a long while away, he knew that he wasn't staring at a closed door. **"Thank you, 4C."** He smiled, pressing his finger against the biometric reader once more, before stepping away from the Terminal. Even with how much he hated the thought of it, he would need to keep these worries away from his mind in the foreseeable future. But it'd be worth it in the end, is what he'd keep telling himself. As long as he'd remember, he knew that Angelina, wherever she was right now, would remember too. \
*// You are most welcome, Dr. Dave Mullan. //* \
*// Biometric data point detected. Analysing... //* \
*// Verification successful. You have been logged out, Dr. Dave Mullan. //*

### Project Angel progress report, written by Philippe Merrent - January 31st, 2075
*// Unless you are authorised to view the contents of Project ANGEL, please read no further than this line. //*

This report is part of Project ANGEL, and falls under the reports made during **January 2075**. Please store the report accordingly, to prevent a potential loss of data and history.

As aforementioned in December, we have started to see signs of discolouration on Angel's **right wrist**. Her originally white skin had discoloured into a mixture of turquoise, cyan, and red, the former matching her eye colours almost identically. We believe that this is caused by excessive usage of her **Flame Heart**, and accordingly, we have scaled down the tests we have been running over the last two months with an elevated monitoring of her heart, blood pressure, and various other vital data that is available in this report too. Crucially, this means that the project is slowing down once more, much like it has struggled to come into motion, too. 

The effects, and the discolouration of her skin, seems to intensify during the usage of her **Flame Heart**. The specific use case is not relevant, as we have noticed this regardless of its usage, be it heat generation, or simple check-ups. However, the discolouration remains when used for longer periods of time, and while routinely taking about 90 minutes to fade and return to her normal skin colour, more intensive tests can not only increase the duration of the discolouration up to 360 minutes, but also spreads further away from her wrist. The most extreme case we have encountered so far has been during a concurrent heating test on January 17th, where Angel had aided a research team in the Southern Wing of the Amadnésam campus in their simulations and practical testing of heat-resistant technologies. In this test, her **Flame Heart** did not encounter a single measured issue, however, Angel did mention feeling "extremely exhausted and depleted" following the conclusion of her participation in the simulations. In this specific case, the discolouration on her arm had spread from her wrist towards her fingertips, as well as nearly covering her entire lower arm. Despite the risk we believe it carries, it also have us a more intricate look at the patterns that emerged on her arm within the discolouration, and a symmetric and sharp pattern appears. Her skin colour had changed from her normal white into a deep turquoise, with red and cyan colours seeping in through rhombus-like patterns. Our findings on this are unfortunately nothing more than this, though, and as of writing, we have not managed to find a reason that this pattern appears, other than it having a potential link to the Ultima organ.

Following this analysis, we will begin experimenting with various types of **staffs**, that we strongly believe will help Angel channel the powers that her **Flame Heart** gives her through a different object. We would much rather have to go through hundreds of iterated types of staffs, than have Angel lose her arm, with the turning point being either the explanation of what the discolouration on her wrist truly means, and assessing its risks or benefits that it may bring, or until we find and create a staff that will not incinerate after a certain number of uses. We will begin trialling various means of Angel channelling her powers through a staff throughout February, so please keep an eye out on the February report by that time.

However, with the discolouration of Angel's wrist during the channelling of her **Flame Heart** power aside, we are very positive with the results and health progress that we have been seeing so far! We are nearly reaching the tipping point as Angelina described, and halfway through February, we will perform a 6-month test on her blood and assess its data, and comparing it to the data that we retained from before the operation commenced, and soon after Angel had woken up from the surgery in August. Time has been flying by for not just Angel, but also for myself and Francis, and we believe that the one-year mark should allow Angel to have recovered a good portion of her memories as well, especially since she has remarked that the *déjà vu moments* have been disappearing as well, instead being exchanged for properly describable memories, as she says herself. This too, we will be monitoring closely as February and August 2075 will approach. Until then, our research continues as normal. 

If this report has left you with any questions, please contact **Dr. P. Merrent**, or **Dr. F. Ezarea**.

### Project Angel update, written by Francis Ezarea - August 28th, 2075
*// Unless you are authorised to view the contents of Project ANGEL, please read no further than this line. //*

Announcement of the relocation of Project Angel to Myrdiva.

To everyone involved in Project Angel, including Angel herself. Starting **September 1st**, the project, as well as Angel herself, will be relocated to the SOLARdawn division located in **Myrdiva**. Following a struggle in development after the *6-month turning point*, we have come to the conclusion that the Amadnésam Campus may simply not be the right location to further evolve the project. While we are more than please to see Angel's recovery over the past year, including her flourishing usage and mastery of her **Flame Heart**, and the areas in which it has been utilised the past five months, we believe that we have unfortunately hit a roadblock in how far we are able to leap Project Angel forward. As a means of attempting to further extend the project into the far future, the decision to have Angel relocated to the **Myrdiva** division is now final. 

While Angel has been steadily improving over the course of the last twelve months, we are confident that her upwards curve will not reach an end, or stagnate, after her transfer to Myrdiva. In fact, with continued usage of her Flame Heart, we believe that it may actually be more beneficial to her in not just the discovery and practice of her newly found Ultima powers, but also to allowing her memory to return as time progresses. In the recent months, we have iterated Angel's so-called "Flame Staff" countless times, and we believe that we have finally found the right materials to use for the most durable staff possible, allowing the side-effects of her Flame Heart to be extremely minimal. More detail is yet to follow and will soon reach the channels of those involved in Myrdiva, however, it is planned that Angel will aid SOLARsec in the management and generation of power for the upkeep of the Myrdiva campus. Again, more information will be sent out in the coming days. 

If this report has left you with any questions, please contact **Dr. F. Ezarea**.