# KILLJOY - Story
## Rough outline // Sketch
After meeting in the fateful bar in **Egórecë** soon after Nova had completed her inaugural mission for **Vátnelári**, Nils managed to convince her to immediately break ties with her agency, and after explaining the situation that he found himself in after the fall of Kristánisin's Agency (*// Essentially homeless without an Agency or person to fall back to*), Nova agrees and the two decide to pick up arms together and begin their netrunning journey. 

It seemed easier said than done, however, and after a month, the two find themselves stable financially and mentally, but under heavy threat from their surroundings. Even after Máneá had been declared "safe" after the departure of **Dáritke**, it didn't mean that it was completely devoid of threats. Before long, their paths are cut short and Nils ends up being ambushed and captured by a mysterious group of people dressed in black. (*// These sections will not be build into the story initially, but may become additions later on to further dress up the atmosphere and scene*), leaving Nova on her own once more.

Nils soon finds himself in a relatively bright and open room, surrounded by glass windows in what seems to be a disconnected section of a much larger office. In reality, Nils is captured and kept by a **SOLARdawn** division, and in due time, he is informed by "**Angel**" that he and Nova, amongst many others, have dwelled in too much with secret information regarding projects within SOLARdawn. "Angel" is straight to the point. She won't waste too much time, as Nils is not alone in line to be personally sent to Heaven by this "Angel". 

Somehow, someway, Nova is informed by (*// either a third party or Nils's pinger*) about Nils's location, and making her way towards this mysterious cubicle in the middle of a grass field, she sprints towards the glass box with a marksman rifle loaded and trained (*// HR-62-L Variation?*) and fires without a second thought. Unfortunately for both Nils and Nova, "Angel" seemed to have noticed Nova's presence long in advance, and raising her fist (*// Motion from waist upwards, hard to explain through words*) the walls to her left immediately close, followed by the rest of the glass covering itself up, leaving Nils in complete and total darkness. "**"A shame, our killjoy is here."**" is a line that "Angel" will say before accelerating Nils's imminent execution.

**!! Chronologically, this takes place a few months after [[FATED ENCOUNTER - Story]]. Unlike that story, however, none of the three aforementioned characters will make an appearance in this story *specifically*.**

## Killjoy
### Heaven, or so thought
The atmosphere in the room that Nils found himself in felt tense, and oddly warm yet cold at the same time. The air felt stuffy, yet full at once. Feeling like he was struggling to breathe, so did he feel like there was an overflow of pure oxygen in the very room he was in. And yet, he felt blind. With eyes wide open, all he could see was a black mass in front of his eyes, with shimmers of light piercing the cloth placed over his head. The reason the air felt stuffy now became clear to him. He was constantly cycling through his own breaths. Something was wrapped tightly around his neck, leaving him breathing more roughly than normal. But it didn't take long before a figure presented himself behind him, and tapping his shoulders twice with their hands, they remained quiet as the pressure around Nils's neck was relieved, the cord loosening ever so slightly to allow him to breathe a bit more comfortably. But within a matter of seconds, he felt the figure's hands move and press upwards, tracing his neck, ears, and scalp, before firmly gripping the cloth at the very top and pulling it off in a swift motion. In total surprise, Nils closes his eyes immediately to prevent being blinded by the bright light that had been hiding behind the cloth.

It didn't take long for Nils to adjust to the brightness of the room he found himself in, but to his surprise, he did start to feel pressure around his wrists, and blinking a few times to adjust to the lights, he was quick to find out where he now found himself in. Before him was a generously-dressed woman, sitting behind a luxurious desk akin to what the President of Thórirsant had in his office. Behind her rough, wavy white hair was a bookshelf that was decorated by a coat of arms right behind her back, and while the emblem itself was hidden behind the woman before him, he could pick out the wings of an angel at the bottom of the coat, almost making it look like they belonged to the mysterious woman at the opposite end of the desk. On the contrary, Nils himself found himself stuck in more of a budget chair, with his wrists strapped firmly to the backrest of the chair, not allowing him to move at all, and looking around him, the remaining walls of the door were simply glass windows, stretching out into a grass field that led almost infinitely into the distance. But to Nils's surprise, he couldn't spot anything much further into the distance. No trees, no fields of flowers, not even an elevation change or a shack. He was being surrounded by the very same men dressed in black that had brought him here, keeping watch over him to prevent any sudden actions taken by him. Nils exhaled quietly, and turned back around to face the woman before him, who continuously kept the same expression: A neutral stare deeply into Nils's soul. Her appearance left him with more mysteries than answers. Her eyes seemed to be almost inhumanly bright, bright turquoise irises decorated by generous eyelashes and eyebrows, and that wasn't even mentioning the enormous fox ears at the very top of her head, the tip of the spear to her long, white hair. 

Nils's heart sank to his chest in fear the very second he saw her open her mouth, hoping to hear answers about where he had been transported to, but bracing himself to hear the exact opposite as well. **"Nils Lorieux."** She began. Her voice was fairly monotone, and didn't have any emotion sprinkled between her words. She sounded extremely professional, which crossed off many checkboxes in Nils's head immediately. Whatever it was, he had messed up somewhere in one of his previous missions, and now seemed to be on the receiving end of whatever reprimand that would follow. **"Are you aware of the reason I have had you brought here?"** \
Nils immediately shook his head, and looking around him, he felt multiple pairs of eyes stare directly into his soul, leaving burn marks on his mind with their faces hidden behind a mask and tinted glasses. *"I do not know, madam."* Nils replied, a hint of defeat in his voice. He was tied up to his chair, overseen by at least 5 men, and the woman before him was giving him the shivers as well. No matter how hard he would try to come up with an escape plan, it would be struck down immediately. As much as he hated to admit it, he was well and truly pushed into a corner in this moment. *"If I may ask, what is the reason?"* \
To Nils's surprise, a slight smile appeared on the woman's face behind the desk, leaving him only more afraid of what she would have to say. But instead, the smile faded almost immediately, and shaking her head slowly, she began to explain the reason for Nils's surprise stay in this cubicle. **"Nils Lorieux, you have simply trespassed where you shouldn't have. You learned something that was to be kept secret, and instead of turning back to correct your errors, you instead shared that knowledge with others, simply for your own benefit. You were aware of all risks involved, and yet, you marched forward."** She said, the monotone voice disappearing near the end as a smile began to appear on her face at the very end. She seemed to be enjoying this, and that thought alone left Nils more fearful of what was to come. **"I hope this does not come as a surprise to you."** She continued, her brows furrowing slightly as her eyes now stared directly at Nils's own as well, completing the circle of eyes staring deeply into Nils's soul. **"Your debts do not interest me, Nils Lorieux. The price is your life."** 

Nils felt his heart simultaneously jump into his throat, and sink to his feet. Whatever he had been fearing, whatever it had been that he was expecting her to say, a death penalty wasn't on his mind in the slightest. And yet, the look in her eyes told him enough. Whoever she was, it wasn't a joke. Nils's life was on the line. His heart skipped a beat as he saw the woman stand up from her chair, now towering well above him even from across the desk. It allowed Nils to get a more proper look at the woman's outfit, but it left him with many more questions that he wasn't sure he would have the opportunity to to have them answered. She was wearing what seemed to be a traditionally Thórirsantic robe, decorated by a fur collar. But to Nils's horror, it seemed to be stained by blood. *"M-may I ask.."* Nils spurted out, his eyes open wide, his voice shaky from fear. Images were through his mind, presenting him his past. His life with his parents, and him waving them goodbye before their return to France, the very last time he had seen them all those years ago. He saw his Agency's members before his very eyes, as if he were hallucinating. Raléi stood before him, next to Omáti, and Maria. And yet, one by one, they faded away. Raléi had been killed, Omáti had died, and for all he knew, Maria would've been killed too on her way to Jóthul. From the four prestigious members of the Agency, he was the last one to stand. And yet, here he was, seated and strapped to a chair, about to be the last member to fall. *"Madam, I'd like to hear my executioner's name."* \
A quiet chuckle came from the woman before him, followed by a wide smile. \
**"My name is irrelevant to you, Nils."** She smiled, stepping away from the desk to make her way towards Nils himself. But to his horror, he saw her take a generously decorated spear from the wall, holding it firmly in her left hand before she suddenly stood before Nils. The coat of arms remained clearly visible right behind her, and its wings remained prominent, seemingly sprouting from her waist as she towered above him. **"But for your remaining minutes, you may refer to me as an Angel. Tell me, do you prefer heaven or hell? I will personally bring you there."** 

Nils felt his throat clog up, and staring up at Angel, his eyes drifted towards the spear. The tip was sharp, and looked like it would easily pierce right through his chest. And to his horror, it seemed like it had done so many, many times before. The tip had been stained in a deep, crimson red, trailing and seeping down the shaft. It was decorated by various means of fur, of traditional Thórirsantic charms, and other ritualistic attributes. Nils kept quiet, his mind simply didn't give him the opportunity to reply. He was shellshocked at the sight before him, the realisation of the situation that was unfolding before his very eyes, the ritual that he was about to be a part of. His days were numbered, no, his minutes were. The light in the cubicle had dimmed over time, the sun seemed to be setting, and the clouds had made their appearance, increasingly tensing up the atmosphere of the room which felt like it was growing smaller with each breath. All  that were fixated on him burnt into his skin, through his clothing, into his soul. \
*"Heaven."* Nils managed to whisper out, fighting through his nerves, fighting for his life. If this was really the end for him, he wouldn't let his last opportunity to receive a good end go to waste. Angel gave him the shivers, but the voice inside his head told him that she was only doing this because she was told to. But that thought didn't last too long. **"Shame."** She began, the distance between the two growing as she lifted her spear up. Its shaft began to emit a mysterious glow, and with the room now darkening almost completely, the light outside had become night, and it had begun storming. The only light that would illuminate the room, was the tip of the spear, which ignited to create a furiously waving flame. **"Your actions will lead you to hell."** She continued, and in a slow motion, the spear now moved forward, held perfectly straight in place horizontally, a mere metre away from Nils's face, as the flame's heat started to cause sweat to trickle down from his forehead. His eyes were fixated on the flame, the burning tip of the spear. Within a matter of seconds, he knew that it would pierce straight through his chest, igniting him internally and externally, leaving him no time to breathe, no time to live. **"Apologies are futile, Nils."** Angel interrupted, placing a barricade in his thought process before Nils even knew where it was heading. This woman was getting increasingly mysterious, and he struggled to figure out just why. 

A loud crash suddenly filled the room, and glancing to his right, Nils saw the familiar face of Nova appear behind the door. The outside view had been a simulation, and it seemed to be merely a set of displays that were interrupted by Nova opening the door behind them. She was wielding a rifle, and Nils's eyes opened wide. It was trained on Angel, who didn't seem to be dazed by the interruption at all. In a matter of seconds, the flame began to dwindle, and a loud gunshot echoed through the room, the muzzle flash of the rifle illuminating the corner in the room. Somehow, Nova had found her way towards the room Nils found himself transported to, and had come in at the exact right time. But his hopes remained short. To his surprise and horror, Angel seemed to have expected this outcome. Clenching her left hand into a fist, she lifted it up into the air, followed by a wall summoning upwards to her left, blocking the bullet as if it was nothing. The flame on the spear disappeared, leaving darkness filling the room completely. But even so, Angel's eyes continued to stare deeply into Nils's soul, illuminated ever so slightly in the darkness. Her brows furrowed, and the retrieved the spear, now holding it firmly against the floor while keeping her left fist clenched and held upwards to keep the summoned wall raised. **"A shame, our killjoy is here."**
### Execution interruption
In a matter of seconds, the guards surrounding Nils revealed their pistols, and immediately trained them onto the young woman that had just breached through what seemed to be the glass walls of the grass fields outside. It only left Nils wondering more. This room hadn't been real from the very start, and had been a simulation from the very moment he was brought here. And yet, the atmosphere tensed up perfectly with the weather that was being presented outside. The grass fields weren't endless after all, but it still left Nils confused about his whereabouts. \
With another fierce press of the bottom of the spear against the tiled floor, Angel didn't appear to be dazed by the situation as it unfolded at all. She had a mission to complete. She had a person to execute, and she wouldn't let anything delay it any further than necessary. In a matter of seconds, the tip of the spear ignited once more, waving furiously as Angel lowered the spear back towards Nils's chest, slowly turning her head to stare deeply into Nova's eyes. **"Young lady, have you any last words for your partner?"** She asked Nova, who was stunlocked in place with horror in her eyes.  Just like Nils was the very first time he saw the spear taken and ignited, she could only watch in awe, and in realisation of what was to come next. Before long, Nova lowered her rifle, and the wall that was separating the two white-haired women quickly fell as a result. Nova could only stare as the spear that was held before Nils's chest, and opening her mouth, she too fell short on words she could say to even describe the situation. Nils had been anything but a lifelong partner, a lifelong friend, and it hadn't even been a year since the two had met in the first place. And yet, she was about to witness him being reduced to nothing but ash in a matter of moments. **"You two are alike."** Angel smiled, her illuminated and fiery eyes now returning to Nils's own, engaging a stare that reached deep into his own core. **"The torch passes to you. Have you any last words?"**

The fire at the tip of the spear continued to inch ever closer to Nils's skin, evaporating each and every drop of sweat that was rolling down from his face. The heat was beginning to tear away at his mind, leaving him lost in thought for longer than usual. But Nils wasn't ready to give up just yet. His own eyes became fiery, too, matching the gaze that Angel was holding towards his own face past the flames of the spear. *"Tell me, Angel, before I die."* He began, a troubled, angry, yet defeated expression on his face. The fact that she could ignite a spear at free will already left him yearning for answers, the fact she managed to summon a wall between herself and a rapidly approaching bullet left him seeking for more explanations to the situation that he was in the midst of. No matter what went through his head, any call for action that came across his mind would fail to flourish, and only lead to Nova losing her life too. Nils's death was unavoidable, and with that in mind, he gained the confidence to complete his question. *"Who-.. **what** are you..?"* \
Angel's brows remained furrowed, her gaze unchanged. The spear began to burn away the shirt that Nils was wearing, slowly and surely creating a fire from within himself. **"A complete dictionary of words you could have said, and yet, you chose these."** She scoffed, her spear remaining stationary in position, beginning to peel away the skin on Nils's chin. **"I am SOLARdawn's Angel, executioner, and experiment. More you do not need to know."** She continued, the monotone yet angry tone in her voice more prominent than ever before. The spear retracted slightly, and she moved her left hand to hold the spear as well, holding it more firmly in place. Nils's heart skipped a beat, one of the last remaining heartbeats that he would have in his life. He fully knew that the next move for the spear would be a fast lunge forward, which would strike and pierce straight through his chest. He didn't know what kind of fire was decorating the spearhead, but the only thing he could do was pray that it would be quick, and relatively painless. 

Nova could only stare in horror as Angel retracted her spear further, a menacing smile on her face. **"Nils Lorieux, I applaud your performance."** She grinned, the flame at the tip of the spear sparking and waving wildly, seemingly out of control altogether. **"But today, your curtain falls."** \
In an immediate motion, Angel's spear darted forward in the blink of an eye, cleanly piercing straight through Nils's chest and igniting not just his clothes, but the rest of his body too. Nova dropped her rifle to the floor in sheer horror, in sheer disbelief that her partner had just lost his life before her very eyes. She struggled to find the words to describe the situation, the words to describe anything that she was seeing for that matter. She could only stare and behold, and witness Nils's body be reduced to nothing more than ashes on the tiled floor beneath him. 

Time took forever to pass, and after Nils's body, the wooden chair was next to burn, crackling loudly as its backrest and legs collapsed to the floor. Nova could only stare, her hand pressed firmly against her mouth, her eyes open wide and her breathing unsteady and rapid. She was hyperventilating, and to her horror, Angel turned around to face her, the deadly gaze that she was giving Nils now being passed onto her very own eyes. **"Young lady, I assume you know what happens next?"** She said with an almost psychotic smile on her face. She seemed to deeply enjoy being an executioner, and she seemed to love her spear a little too much. But Nova was fully aware that if she wouldn't take action, she was next to be on the receiving end of the ignited spear. While lost in thought, two guards had made their way behind her, holding her arms in place to prevent her from making any sudden movements or take any unforeseen actions. **"Your gut feeling is correct, you are to be next."** Angel smiled, not breaking the stare with Nova, her bright turquoise eyes now burning into her own soul instead of Nils's. 

With a quiet gesture, the guards holding Nova in place nodded and moved her towards the centre of the room. The panels displaying the endless grass field outside were still almost pitch black, tensing up the atmosphere as Nova's heart began to pound in her chest. She knew that even if she tried to wiggle herself free from the grip of these guards, there would still be a handful waiting for her next move, and they wouldn't hold back emptying a pistol's magazine into her body. And even if the guards would miraculously miss every shot, there was still Angel to get past too, who seemed to be in complete control of not just the room, but also Nova's own mind, interrupting her thoughts no matter where they were going towards. Unlike Nils, there was no chair for her to sit down into, the previous one having been burnt down and being mixed with Nils's own remains in ash. The tempo of Nova's execution was much higher than the previous one, and Angel couldn't be bothered to have a chair come into the room either. The ritual had already been disturbed when Nova barged into the room before Nils was killed, so there was no reason left for her to begin anew from the very start. 

*"I'm sorry to disturb!"* A voice suddenly called from the distance, and with every pair of eyes turning to the direction of where the voice had come from, a well-dressed man made his appearance into the room from the same door that Nova had come through from. In a swift motion, Angel broke the stare with Nova and turned around to face the man that had disturbed the imminent execution once more. *"Angel, Amadnésam requires you at haste. The situation is dire, HDEATH has been deployed."* He continued, a slight hint of nervousness in his voice as Angel's fiery eyes looked directly at him, catching him off guard. But with just a few blinks, her eyes seemed to return to normal, the bright glow disappearing as her eyes traced back to Nova, who was standing still in place in horror, hoping that her execution wouldn't be accelerated. **"It's your lucky day, young lady."** She smiled, holding her spear away from Nova, and now gripping it firmly in her wrist. **"Have her detained and kept here until further notice."** She informed the guards that were holding Nova firmly in place, her smile having immediately faded as her brows furrowed. But before she stepped away out of the room in a hurry to follow the messenger, her eyes ignited once more, the psychotic smile returning as she closed the distance between herself and Nova, whispering into her delicate ears on top of her head. **"Don't you worry, lady Mikkë, when the time comes, I will make sure your death will be slow and painful."** She whispered, riling up fear in every inch of Nova's skin as the images of Nils's ignited body flashed before her once more. In a matter of seconds, she felt her hands pressed into cuffs, held tightly in place, but the horrors in her mind refused to fade at all. Angel hadn't just called her by her codename, she had somehow gotten her family name correct as well, which only left her more confused and fearful than relieved that her death wouldn't be today. With the horrors and questions endlessly cycling through her mind, the walls that once displayed the grass fields turned off, becoming nothing more than dimmed floodlights as Angel made her leave from the room. The puzzles remained scattered in her mind, the images and scenes of Nils's execution fresh in her head. He was one of many to get brutally killed this way, for reasons that Nova herself couldn't even understand. And yet, she was to be next on the chopping board, followed by many, many more people after her. A push in her back reawakened her, and before long, the room was emptied and Nova was carried towards her detention cell, where she was to stay until the fateful day of her death.
### A puzzle, scattered
In, and out, the air would flow into her lungs, and back out. 128, 129, 130, 131. Nova continued to count her breaths as time progressed ever so slowly, doing her best to isolate the haunting memories of the scenes she had witnessed before her eyes no longer than an hour ago. But to no avail, the count reset, and Nova's hands found their way to cover her face yet again. Time and time again, she tried to go over every single event that she and Nils had gone through together, every mission they had embarked on, every piece of data that they had extracted and handed over to the next party involved. And somehow, someway, they had been caught in broad daylight, and had only been apprehended now. But everywhere her trail of thoughts carried her, it would always end up at the same final page, where Angel pierced her burning spear straight through Nils's chest. The thought alone stirred her up deep in her core, turning her stomach, fully aware that it wouldn't last much longer before she herself would be on the receiving end of the very same spear too. But the questions didn't end there. Closing her eyes, her mind focused on the executioner, "The Angel" herself. She called herself "SOLARdawn's Angel", which left Nova confused enough already, but the term "experiment" left her much further off the deep end. Angel herself referred to herself as an experiment, but what kind of experiments was she a part of? Nova's head began to sting, the pieces of the puzzles struggled to form deep in her mind. Every image, every frame was blurry. She once more went through every document that she had held in her hands since she departed from Vátnelári almost a year ago, but nothing seemed to line up, nothing seemed to make sense to her. What could it possibly have been that warranted a death sentence from the company itself?

**"Lady Nova."** A man's voice called for her after a knock on her cell's door, snapping her out of her thought process as she felt her body completely relax once more. Her trance was broken completely in just the blink of an eye, and resting against the wall while seated on her bed, the doorknob turned and the man presented himself. **"I'm sorry to interrupt, my name is director Tizen, I have some information to share with you about your case."** He continued. Nova's eyes traced the director's body from head to toe. He was completely suited up, and seemed extremely professional too. His tone of voice calmed her down to her surprise, and it gave her the confidence that he had no ill intents whatsoever. He was holding a folder in his left hand, which seemed to be packed to the brim with smaller folders and papers. *"All all those papers related to me?"* Nova asked, stepping forward in her turn while Tizen made his way into Nova's cell, shaking his head and smiling widely, his beard and moustache following the contours of his smile. **"Just this one."** He laughed, opening the folder and taking out a single sheet of paper, stamped with the SOLARsec name at the very top of the document. **"I've come to bring you good news, lady Nova, there are no remaining charges, you are free to go."** He said, placing the piece of paper in her lap while reaching for her hands, carefully handling them and loosening the handcuffs, giving her the opportunity to read the paper without an awkward position to hold the paper in. *"F-free..?"* Nova mumbled to herself, rubbing her wrists now that the cuffs were finally gone, and picking up the paper, she skimmed from top to bottom to figure out what was going on. It didn't make any sense to her at all, she had witnessed Nils be reduced to ashes with her very own eyes, and Angel was keen on telling her that she was to be next in line, and yet, this director Tizen was telling her that it had all been a mishap, and she was free to go? The further she read the paper, the more it failed to make sense to her. The SOLARsec division had told her that there were no active charges against her, which meant that there was no reason for her to stay in her cell for any longer than necessary, and yet, Angel had promised her that she would execute her personally, slowly and painfully. *"So I.. can go home..?"* Nova muttered under her breath, tears beginning to dwell up in her eyes from relief, but also from fear. Tizen nodded, and gently patted her shoulder. **"Correct, lady Nova. I apologise that you've been in our cell unrightfully, but from today on, you are free to go once more."** He whispered with a wide smile on his face. Nova was left confused, but standing up, she decided to let Tizen guide her outside, retrieving her weaponry that was taken from her after being detained in the cubicle at the reception. But finally stepping through the front door of the building that she was detained in, she exhaled deeply out of relief. Even if the worries still haunted her, she could only imagine that Tizen simply had no idea what was at play behind the scenes. Did he even know about Angel's existence at all, or has he seen a single thing about the execution processes? It refused to make sense, but taking another deep breath with her eyes closed, she cleared her mind. One way or another, she was free to go once more, and exhaling deeply through her mouth, she reopened her eyes to look at the fountain at the entrance. With her hand on her chest, and her other hand on her rifle's holster, she whispered to herself, Nils's death replaying over and over again in her head. \
*"I won't let your death be in vain, Nils."*
