# REFRESH - Story
A story encompassing Nova's first mission after reaching Zakh'háfo, and her first contact with The Agency and Vátnelári. In this mission, she receives the simple task of deceiving a dealer that ran away from Vátnelári, and is hiding in various bars throughout the days to stay out of sight, and to prevent getting himself killed. Nova enters the bar and tries to get in touch with him, offering a more personal conversation while not ticking him off, and gets in contact with the bartender as well in order to spike his drink with a drug that should be lethal for him during the night. (*// Uses quote **"You're adorable. It's a shame I have to kill you."** // This might get moved to the **KILLJOY** story and be omitted altogether, since it no longer matches Nova's character.*) On the way out after successfully drugging and thus killing this dealer, she stumbles upon Nils in the exit, and then engage in a small talk.

*// This story is currently undergoing a rewrite. This includes changing the perspective from **first person** to **third person** to better align with the other stories written under **Travel Risk**.*

## REFRESH - Story
### A shot in the dark
It had barely been a week since Dominico's target was reduced to a mere blood painting at the hands of Nova, paving the way towards the next chapters in not just her own life, but also that of Dominico. He would pick up his old contacts after confirming that Nova's Leremkov experiment yielded no negative side-effects or mishaps ever since she received her fox traits, and he had even told her that he was planning to return to Earth and personally meet up with Dr. Leremkov himself in Poland. But to Nova herself, life would return to her usual, at home in Stráva Mikkë while waiting for a letter to come in to complete another mission. \
The letterbox clattered, and with her ears perking up, Nova could immediately tell that it was another mission that was being delivered to her doorstep. The past week had been unusually quiet, and she killed the time merely by walking through her village and cleaning out her armoury, brainstorming and daydreaming just how much further she could develop her dream custom-built Hammerhead rifle, the **H75-L**. But approaching her doorstep, it wasn't a usual unmarked letter like she would traditionally receive. This time around, the letter had an orange stripe around the envelope, highlighting the name "**Vátnelári**". Intrigued by the mysteriousness surrounding the letter, she promptly picked it up and headed back to her living room, opening the letter on the way there, already peeking through the letter to pick out highlights. 

*"Katharina Mikkë,"* it began, already causing her to lose interest in whatever the letter was next to tell her. *"Landed a shot at 5.3km.. gained interest.. Egórecë.."* the letter continued, which only caused more confusion to whirl through Nova's mind. The name began to make sense to her, yet the invitation itself did not. Vátnelári described themselves as a middleman company that also had a business in hiring hitmen to eliminate targets, also through a middleman service. The only logical explanation to the invitation for Nova was that they had seen the records of not just her record-breaking shot, but also those before that, and were deeply interested in having her work for them as a hitman. But even so, the invitation seemed to not dwell on the details too much. Peeving through the paragraphs more carefully, she did her best to pick out the important details, finding that they would offer her a stay in Egórecë, where they would also grant her professional training in different combat scenarios that might come on her paths as well. And even with all services provided, they promised the pay would be *excellent*.

*// This continues into Nova deciding to accept Vátnelári's invitation. She packs her bags and brings not just her rifle, but also a haldheld pistol, just in case.*

### Close Quarters
*// Nova reaches Egórecë and meets **Sierra**, who will supervise her and assign missions to her during her time in Vátnelári. Her first mission is to eliminate the assigned target of **Nathan** in a café in Egórecë, without drawing the attention of bystanders or causing too much of a fuss. Despite the fact that she has to step out of her comfort zone and eliminate a target in close quarters in the first place, doing so in a café would add another challenge. But even so, she accepts it, and heads towards the café the very next evening.*
### NCH-28-F
*// Nova finds **Nathan** at the bar, and strikes up a friendly conversation with him to disperse the attention and not alert him about the fact she's out to kill him. This is where Nova's internal monologue mutters the sentence **"You're cute, it's a shame I have to kill you"**. To her relief, the bartender seems to notice her signalling and initially thinks that Nathan is hitting on Nova, but quickly understands the situation as Nova explains it to him. To her utmost surprise, he offers her the lethal drug **NCH-28-F**, which can be dissolved in liquid and essentially kills whoever drinks it in a matter of minutes. Without much further hesitation, Nova agrees to use the newfound bond with the bartender, and before long, Nathan's lifespan ticks down.*
### Fight or Flight
**!! This story will receive an *open end*, and lead directly into [[ANGEL - Story#REFRESH - Addendum]]. In that chapter, more details regarding the collaboration of Nils and Nova will take place, rather than within REFRESH.** \
**!! Additionally, this means the story ends on a cliffhanger. In the doorway in which Nova is attempting to leave the bar where she had just indirectly killed Nathan within, she stumbles upon Nils, who seems to have gotten a well enough glimpse of the situation. The bartender and Nils simply nod, and together, Nils and Nova have a chat together. (-> LEAD into Redresh - Addendum)**

*// Excusing herself to go to the bathroom, Nova avoids seeing the sight of Nathan collapsing and dying beside her. And slowly but surely, time passes and the bartender knocks on the bathroom door and informs her that Nathan had collapsed on the bar, seemingly fast asleep. The mission had been completed, and Nova was free to return back to her stay in Egórecë. However, upon her exit out of the café, she stumbles upon **Nils**, and to her surprise, the two get along almost immediately, and decide to head to another café to get to learn more about one another.*

**!! Chronologically, this takes place *after* the events of Travel Risk. Raléi is dead, Omáti is dead, and Maria is in Jóthul. The Agency is no more, which means the road is open for what Nils and Nova can embark on together. Additionally, this may connect with the earlier written spin-off in Amadnésam.**

*// The below section needs to be rewritten. It's currently in first person, which needs to be rewritten into third person to match the rest of the story. Additionally, more info and context needs to be sprinkled into the story to make it feel more authentic and realistic, and not feel like a simple log entry.*

Standing in front of the mirror in the bathroom once more, I took a moment to go over everything that had just happened. Whatever else it was that Nathan would want to tell me, he could collapse dead at the bar at any moment now, if Vátnelári hadn't lied to me. I checked my purse, my clothing, and made sure that nothing was out of the ordinary. But taking one more look into the mirror and seeing my own reflection, I felt my heart skip a beat once more, still struggling to adapt to my new silhouette. *"At least I can still hear.."* I thought to myself. Splashing some water on my face to help me get back to my senses, I heard two knocks on the bathroom door, immediately followed by the familiar voice of the bartender that I had gotten in touch with before striking up the conversation with Nathan. **"Kath..-"** He began, immediately realising and adjusting his mishap. **"Nova.. Nathan collapsed at the bar, your mission is complete."** I turned off the tap and quickly dried my face, before opening the bathroom door and caught him as he was making his way back to the bar. Turning around after I tapped his shoulder, I gave him a handshake, thanking him once more for