# A Spider's Web
## Backstory
In **2067**, **Carbine Industries** would embark on an ambitious journey to rival **Hammerhead** in the production of experimental technology and weaponry. This sparked the construction of the **Kósfrii** research site, decorated and powered by various nuclear power generators, as well as the first Carbine-built *Nuclear Fusion Reactor*. All in all, things stayed functional from its activation in **2071** throughout **2073**, where in the latter year the experimental branches began to utilise the two reactors.

The **Spider's Web** is the internal project name within Carbine, which would serve as a "web" to answering the many questions regarding the use for nuclear fusion energy, as well as using it to create and maintain experimental weaponry. **Hammerhead**'s **EPZ90**, a prototyped railgun that was set to replace its more traditional parallel **HR75** sniper rifle. With the Spider's Web project, Carbine hoped to create and utilise a similar technology in their own weaponry, using their newly built Fusion Reactor. Where Carbine would always find itself one step behind Hammerhead's advancements, they hoped to leap in front of them after completing this project.

It would remain nothing more than hopes, however. In late **2073**, during the **Pahlatlán test run**, the central fusion reactor **Alpha** suffered a technical issue and forcefully powered itself down, which caused the backup nuclear reactors in **Kósfrii** and **Jánhul** to start working overtime to make up for the loss of power. This meant, however, that the previously underused reactor in Kósfrii would soon suffer the same fate and suffer a reactor meltdown from a sudden spike in demand. This meltdown would quickly chain with the reactor in Jánhul, which needed to catch up on producing a matching amount of power to the fluctuating power generation from the Kósfrii reactor, before the latter would eventually ignite itself and catastrophically explode, spreading toxic fires throughout the reactor halls that refused to be extinguished. As a result, the Kósfrii fission reactor was declared unsafe, limiting the resources for Carbine to investigate where in the chain of events such a catastrophe could happen.

Carbine would lay down their work for the rest of the decade, the loss of life simply being incomparable to any previous project that they had lead before the Kósfrii accident. The only thing they would still undertake as a team, was the creation of domes around the Kósfrii reactors to prevent further radiation from being emitted. Only in the **2080**s would the research teams in **Pahlatlán** and **Némiskéi** return to their previously abandoned research sites to embark on their next journey.

## 1 - A glimpse of tomorrow
### Synopsis
The road towards scientific advancement is not an easy one to take, but for Maria, it was simply meant to be. Ever since her youth, she would gaze at the stars and wonder what more mysteries the universe would have to offer to her. But in 2073, she would set foot on the long road ahead of her, and embark on an internship at Carbine Industries, which were researching and experimenting with nuclear fusion power generation. Even if it wouldn't be a promise for Maria to reach into space and answer her lifelong questions, she wouldn't strike down such an opportunity, such an experience.
### October 16th, 2073
**"Miss Limáida?"** A voice called into the group of people standing before him. Within the crowd, a hand appeared above the heads of others, and slowly moved forward. *"Miss Limáida."* She began, shaking the hand of the man who had called out for her. *"Here for the Carbine internship. I take it you are Mr. Evans?"* \
The man nodded, and the two made their way away from the crowd that was surrounding them. No heads were turning in the packed hallways. Trains had to be caught, and there was no time to investigate whoever was calling out for whoever. Life remained in motion, no matter the circumstances. 

The two had made their onto their own train, and finding a seat as the train departed towards **Kósfrii**, the formal introductions began. The young woman was facing a somewhat older man before her, with nothing but a foldable table and a bit of leg room separating the two. He revealed a folder with documents, which appeared to be related to the reasoning the two found each other on this train in this very moment. Every document in the folder was stamped with the same triangle logo, belonging to **Carbine Industries**, which had a few research sites in the south of Thórirsant. While the train was headed for Lóuskan, it would pass by Kósfrii, their destination.

**"Let's keep it simple, Maria, I'll be your supervisor during your internship, you can simply call me Owen. I assume you've already read up on the emails we've sent you?"** He began, keeping his hands on the table, resting gently on the folder of papers that were laid out beneath them. \
The young woman nodded in response. *"I'd walk along with the research team at the Kósfrii reactor for the first three months, right?"* Owen smiled back at her. **"Eager to learn, you're a better fit than we could ever have dreamed of."**

The two would go over the documents together, revealing sensitive information while the train would continue onwards to their destination of Kósfrii. The reactors that Maria and Owen were headed towards, were opened not too long ago, in **2070**, as part of their **Spider's Web** project. Carbine as a whole has been setting foot deeper and deeper into experimental technology and weaponry, and the Spider's Web was just the start of something bigger. The various reactors that were built in the Carbine Experimental Area were all intended to provide backup power to the central Kósfrii reactor: The **Central Fusion Reactor**. It's intended that the fusion reactor could provide enough stable power for Carbine to conduct research in Pahlatlán without being limited by power in any form or shape. The traditional nuclear fission reactors located in Kósfrii, Jánhul, and Desbecze would provide the backup power to keep the fusion reactor stable and operational. \
**"And that's where you'll walk along with me and the rest of the research team."** Owen concluded, finishing perfectly timed as the train chimed that the next stop would be Kósfrii. Maria nodded with a wide, enthusiastic smile on her face. Despite her young age, she had been considered a prodigy in her early school years, specialising herself in the various fields of science, with the dream of solving the mysteries that were left behind by the previous generations of humanity. Having been born in Jóthul, she couldn't help but wonder how humanity had made their way to Lúniks before her birth, and what other mysteries were left for her to figure out and solve. And with that thought deeply stored in the back of her mind, she pushed herself to study hard, to break through the limits and reach beyond anyone's expectations. The internship at Carbine had been a long-lasting dream of hers, and now she was on the doorstep of experiencing it. Experimental technologies could be the key to some of the answers to questions she still had, and even at her young age, it would only mean her life would be one full of experiences and discoveries to come.

*//*

**"You are Maria, I've heard?"** A gentle voice called from across inside the room that Owen had guided me towards. I'd already been given the chance to change into a proper lab coat, and was already informed about the routines that I would go through on a day-to-day basis during my internship. But the biggest task for the remainder of the day was to meet the rest of the team that I would walk together with: *"Carbine research team 25"*, they were commonly referred to, and they were often in control of the management of the Kósfrii reactor with occasional shifts at the Central Fusion reactor, too. \
**"Not dozing off, are we? Don't leave me hanging!"** The same voice laughed, suddenly snapping me out of my daydreams and promptly shaking the hand of the man before me. His expression was genuine and friendly, and his smile alone already made me feel welcome, as I nodded in response. *"S-sorry! Been a long day at the reactor, it's Maria.. Maria Limáida."* I chuckled, looking further through the room to see the rest of the team. The young man aside, I only saw two more men and two more women seated before me, all busy going through the data they had gathered from the status of the Kósfrii and Jánhul reactors. **"I'm Karim Aziz, but just Karim is fine."** He began with a wide smile on his face, letting go of my hand and pointing at the rest of the team. **"There's Luke, Michelle, David, and Leah. They're too deep into the Kósfrii data now, so I'll properly introduce you to them later today, but I'll guide you through the usual schedule for your next weeks."** He finished, waving Owen goodbye as he made his way back to his own post, before giving Maria a place to sit down to, offering her something to drink. \
*"Just mint tea is fine, thank you."* She replied, taking her seat at the table in the break room and skimming through the papers Owen had given her on the train. She glanced at the clock hanging on the wall. *Six hours ago already..* she thought to herself, tapping her fingers on the table while waiting for Karim to make his way back, and like clockwork, the door opened as soon as the thought entered her mind.

Maria's schedule wasn't going to be packed from the very first day onwards. She'd mostly follow Karim around, and occasionally tag along with the rest of the research team while they'd conduct experiments. But overall, the days would be fairly simple. Karin would explain to her what research they'd conduct on either the Kósfrii or Central reactors, and together with the team, Maria would go over the data as a result, calculate and make changes accordingly, and conclude the research in the very same day. While sounding dull, Maria's eyes sparkled as Karim guided her through her day-to-day planning. The thought of being given the opportunity to play around with physics, with science, was something she had dreamed of doing back when she was still in school. She never expected to find herself in nuclear fusion engineering, but now that she was here, she wasn't going to let this slip through her fingers. She was nearly achieving her dreams, even if they were not yet set in stone, or had even been fabricated at all, it would materialise in her very palm as she opened her hand before her, sparkles appearing and swirling around above it, as if she was holding the universe before her eyes.

Such dreams would continue day in, day out. But even so, the sparkle that appeared every night and every morning in her very palm continued to give her hope, and continued to cement her dreams in her mind. Wherever this internship would bring her, it was going to answer the questions she had been asking herself since her youth. *"Is there more out there?"*

## 2 - Your new everyday
### Synopsis
Walking along during your internship at the reactors may seem like a simple thing, but the technologies and systems involved are much more complex than just that. While her day-to-day may be considered dull by most, to Maria, it's a dream come true. And day in and day out, she will walk along with the rest of her team during her three-month internship at Carbine, giving her a first-hand view of what the future might hold.
### October 25th, 2073
Travel between Dázlacé and Kósfrii was a breeze. She'd take the bus to Jóukmandar, and from there on, it would only take one more train between the connecting cities before she'd reach the Kósfrii research site. A 30-minute commute might be considered long to some, but after all, Maria was well aware that she was crossing a border on the daily, even if Kósfrii was right beside the border of her home nation, Jóthul.

**"This may seem a little dull a request, Maria, but would you like to change the fuel load in reactor 2?"** A voice called out for her as she was eyeing through the numbers that had been given to her soon after completing research the week before. The team had been trying out various loads of fuel supply for the reactors to determine what fuel type and amount would suffice for generating power for the Central Reactor, and while they were nearing the completion of this part of the puzzle, it wouldn't be a research month at Carbine if the details weren't worked out. The voice belonged to Leah, a colleague that Maria had started to get along with pretty well together with Karim, and giving her a thumbs up back, Maria wrapped up the numbers for the time being and made her way to the lower floor, where the second reactor was installed. 

**"Raise rods D3 and E3, and insert rods F2 through F4. That should change the load accordingly."** Leah instructed her through the earpiece. Despite plenty of staff being present at the reactor site itself, it was mostly off limits to go near the reactor itself. Even with the obvious risk of radiation looming on the reactor site, the reactor itself was buried deep in the pool of water, and another radiation shield was present above it. Maria wouldn't even need to see with her own eyes whether the correct rods were inserted or not, the control room would detect it automatically, saving her a peek above the pool, or even a lethal dose of radiation into her eyes. With a simple command line on the terminal adjacent to the reactor pool, she could see the **D3** rod turn off, followed by the **E3** rod turning off as well, signifying that they'd been raised out of the reactor. *"D3 and E3 raised."* She informed Leah, before returning her hands to the keyboard below her fingers. *"Inserting.."* she mumbled to herself as she watched the **F2** and **F3** rods light up on the display beside her accordingly. But after a few seconds of silence, the **F4** rod finally lit up as well, as Maria let out a deep sigh of relief before tapping her earpiece again. *"Rods F2, F3, and F4 inserted! The latter had a little mishap, and took a while longer, but the load should be changed now!"* She told Leah with a wide smile on her face. Twirling her hands together, she rolled the chair to the edge of the control panel and stood up, smiling even wider as she heard the buzzing of the reactor begin to intensify. Maria had gone through this routine plenty of times already, where either Leah, David, or herself would change the fuel load, and the remaining three of the team would keep an eye on the reactor and feed the data towards the system for everyone to analyse once the day reaches its end. Even if it was practically the same every day, Maria's eyes sparkled as she stared deeply at the reactor shield before her, the buzzing of the reactor giving her the energy to go forward every single day. She felt like a little kid with her hands stuck to the window, eyeing something that she desperately wanted to get at the toy store. But to her, that feeling had never dissipated. She was eyeing the future, and even if the days were dull to some, and repetitive to others, she knew this journey would be worth it. 

**"Stuck listening to the humming of the reactor again, Maria?"** Leah giggled through her earpiece, Maria's silence having become routine every time the rest of the team would begin the usual reactor cycles. *"It's a dream come true every single time, it's a soothing sound."* Maria giggled back, sitting back in her chair to stare at the ceiling. The particles that appeared every night in her palm were reappearing before her once more, as she gazed deeper at the ceiling, looking beyond it, beyond the roofs of the reactor building, beyond the atmosphere, into deep space. The particles swirled around in circles slowly, revolving around her hand as she held it upright towards the clouds, towards the rest of the galaxy. Her question never faded, and never would fade either. She would pick up the scraps that humanity had left behind for her many decades ago. Lúniks would only be the start, mastering the science behind power generation would solve many more issues that they were facing today, and would surely lead the way forward to many more planets to come, many more opportunities to grasp. It would all start here, and as the particles around her hand stayed in place in her palm, she firmly clenched her hand to hold them all dearly. It had been just a week, but it was the start of a long, long journey ahead of her.

## 3 - Challenging the universe
### Synopsis
With high risks come high rewards. But with high risks also come great disasters. During a visit to the Central Fusion Reactor, an instability appears and the reactor shuts itself down as a precautionary measure. However, the chain reaction requires the backup reactors in Kósfrii and Jánhul to suddenly produce an incredible amount of energy that they fail to achieve, which causes a spectacular meltdown and explosion within the Kósfrii reactor. 
### November 23rd, 2073
Even though she had been setting foot in the reactor grounds for the past week already, the mysterious atmosphere that loomed in the halls of the *Central Fusion Reactor* kept sending a warm chill through her body every time she stared at the enormous reactor through the elevated hallways. The thought alone already excited her, and made her eager to take part in achieving the impossible, in unlocking the keys to the universe. Every corner she turned, she'd try to take a glance at the enormous feat of technology that was present in the main hall. A modern era *fusion reactor*, something that had been in development for over a century, but every time humanity found themselves on the doorstep of solving the puzzles that the fusion reactor brought along with it, more troubles would appear, and over a hundred years later, Maria and the rest of the team at Carbine found themselves at a similar doorstep once more. It would be a trial run to achieve net power, meeting the requirements that had been set a few years ago when the project became a reality. The fusion reactor would attempt to generate peak energy in an efficient manner, and as a result, the power would be channelled towards Pahlatlán in order to provide extreme power for Carbine's experimental weapons department. And after enough delays and hundreds of equipment checks, the hurdle that Carbine had been stuck on for all this time would finally be overcome. 

**"Are you nervous, Maria?"** Karim asked her with a wide smile on his face, placing his hand on her shoulder as he followed her gaze at the reactor beneath them. In response, Maria shook her head, averting her gaze from the reactor to look Karim directly into his eyes. *"Not quite nervous, no."* She began, returning her eyes towards the reactor. Various groups of engineers and scientists had made their way towards the engine already, and it seemed like the routine checkups were about to begin. *"I just wonder how many more secrets this reactor can solve for us."* \
**"You're by far the most amazing student we've had in years, Maria."** Karim suddenly said, interrupting her train of thoughts as she turned to her right to meet eyes once more. **"You have it in your eyes, that desire to solve the puzzles, the eagerness to gather answers for the hardest questions."** He said with a wide smile on his face, tapping her shoulder a few times as his eyes returned towards the reactor as well, the routine checkups already having begun as the group of scientists made their way around the reactor. **"If it weren't for your scholarship, I'd have loved to spend the rest of my science career with you. Our specialities might differ, but I think our dreams are alike."** \
Maria kept her eyes locked on Karim's face, blushing in surprise, not expecting such a compliment at all, let alone today. She wouldn't be involved in the trial run of the reactor all too much, and her team was only here to witness the inaugural procedure run its course, which caused a compliment like Karim's to catch her off guard. *"T-Thank you..? Thank you.."* She mumbled back, returning her gaze towards the reactor too. The scientists dressed in white were quick to finish the routine checks, and before long, it would be powered on and whirr to life, enabling the first of many steps towards the solutions to all the puzzles she saw appear before her. Maria started to lean her arms over the railing on the elevated bridge she found herself on. Her vision was beginning to blur as she started to get lost in her daydreams once more. The details on the lab coats that the scientists were wearing were being reduced to a simple, white spot. The whirring of the startup engines were soothing to her, and before realising, she was awoken one more by Karim, who poked her in the side to snap her back out of her trance. **"Let's get you a proper seating, Maria, we can look down at the reactor from the control room up there."** He said with a wide smile, pointing upwards to the small cabin that was positioned above the reactor. With a slow nod, Maria pressed her hands against her face and moved back up from the railing, following Karim and the rest of her team towards the bridge, all while the whirring of the fusion reactor continued to give her a feeling of butterflies in her stomach.

***"Fusion initiation stage one."*** The intercom quietly crackled above her head. Where she found herself staring at the reactor on top of the elevated bridge, she was now looking down on it through the window in the control room, with the rest of her research team and a control team being present as well. The whirring and buzzing of the reactor hadn't faded in the past minutes, and instead had only been intensifying as the power generation was beginning to gradually ramp up. In the corner of her eyes, she could see the power graph begin an upwards curve, increasing by a level, only to stabilise, and repeat that cycle over and over again as more power was being generated within the reactor beneath her feet. Seated in her chair, her eyes were locked onto the marvel of engineering that was only beginning to buzz louder and louder, and holding her hand out, the particles that she had seen swirling around every night were reappearing once more. Her eyes were fixated on her hand, in awe at the particles that were beginning to swirl around quicker and quicker as the fusion reactor was ramping up. ***"Stage two. Synchronising Kósfrii and Jánhul."*** The intercom crackled, and before long, the sparkles that were floating around Maria's hand were beginning to fixate in a little sphere before her palm once more. ***"Stage three. Pahlatlán link commenced."*** The intercom continued, and with her eyes focused on the sphere that had formed in her palm, she now let it float freely as she held her hand out before her, watching the particles spin faster and faster while suspended in mid air. The reactor was buzzing louder and louder, and Maria knew that whatever research was being conducted in Pahlatlán at this very moment, it would be the key that would open the doors to an incredible amount of opportunities yet to come. The feeling of butterflies in her stomach intensified, and her vision blurred. The sphere in her palm was beginning to glow, and lines were beginning to grow out of it, connecting to all sorts of other spheres and dots right before her eyes. She had never seen the particles create something like this before, but with the sound of the reactor whirring in her ears, vibrating through the hall, she could see a web form before her eyes. She recognised the other reactors, the Pahlatlán Institute, and many, many more dots that were coming into view. It seemed like a huge, interconnected web, a huge canvas of interconnected pieces, a huge puzzle that was forming before her very eyes. *A web.. no, a galaxy..* She thought to herself, and to the rest of her team, she would be written off as "seeing ghosts". It didn't matter to Maria, the future was here, and taking a deep breath, she clenched her hand to capture the glowing sphere just like every other time, to capture this strange phenomenon she saw with her very own eyes.

Closing her eyes, she could feel the holographic sphere held tightly in her hand, but the feeling that she had gotten used to feeling by now abruptly stopped. Reopening her eyes in confusion, the web that she saw just a mere few seconds ago had snapped. The particles she had grabbed slipped out of her hand and fell to the floor, evaporating in the air as they fell. *"W-what's wrong?"* She mumbled to herself, the noise of the reactor that had entranced her now beginning to wind down prematurely. She'd experienced the windup and winddown enough times in the last week that she had spent at the Central Reactor, but never had it shut down this quickly. The feeling of interconnection that she could sense in her very core was suddenly disrupted, and she couldn't figure out why. Her ears were numb, but she could pick out the sound of a siren in the distance. It was coming from the hall beneath her, and looking down once more, she could see the group of scientists return to tend to the reactor. Maria felt deaf, whoever was calling for her, she couldn't pick out the words that they were saying to her. She was deeply lost in her mind, in her own experience. *"This isn't routine."* She whispered to herself, noticing that the various scientists weren't tending to the routine spots at the reactor. Something had gone terribly wrong with the fusion reactor, but she couldn't figure out herself just what it was. 

**"Maria!"** The voice suddenly broke through, and she could feel someone pressing against her shoulder. **"It's not the time to get entranced, we have to evacuate the control room, quick!"** Maria's vision remained blurred, and holding her hand up, she allowed Karim to lift her up and guide her towards the exit. The time for questions wasn't now, even though she had no idea what it was that was causing the reactor to fail. Struggling to stay properly afoot, Karim guided her and the rest of the team towards the roof. The building they found themselves in was declared safe, so the roof was given the green light to evacuate towards. The rest of her team followed quickly after, and the control team stayed behind to monitor the fusion reactor. **"Here, some water."** Karim quietly whispered to her, handing her a topper with water and giving her the room to sit down properly to get back to her senses properly. Taking a deep breath, followed by a deep sigh, Maria's face sank into her hands, and she could feel Karim's hands move towards her ears, pressing tightly against them. **"Don't get scared, I'm covering your ears. It'll take ten seconds."** 

Before Maria could ask for the reason why her ears were being covered, a muffled, but ear-deafening sound rushed past her team on top of the room, and soon afterwards, Karim let go of her ears again and sat down next to her, letting out a deep sigh of relief. *"That.. was..?"* Maria mumbled before being interrupted. \
**"That was.. Kósfrii. The shockwave already passed. You were out cold, Maria."** Karim began. **"We don't know the details, Control omitted them from us, but the Central Reactor encountered a mishap and shut itself down, which in turn caused Kósfrii to melt down. The blast I protected your ears from was theirs."** \
Maria sighed deeply and held out her hand before her. The question that had arisen after she saw the web appear before her eyes, was now answered. She couldn't grasp whatever it was that had formed in her palm, because it reached an abrupt ending. The web had snapped before her eyes, just like the web that connected all reactors with Pahlatlán had snapped when the Central Reactor shut itself down prematurely. Maria envisioned the web before her once more, and seeing herself try to grasp the sphere that was floating in the middle of the web, a sister sphere to her right had disappeared right before she closed her eyes. *"Like a dying star.."* She whispered to herself, sighing deeply once more as she looked to her right, where the Kósfrii reactor had been. Beyond the blanket of trees in the forest that separated the two reactor sites, an enormous plume of thick, black smoke could be seen floating into the air from many kilometres away. Karim had already left her side, receiving a phone call from Control about the situation that was going on. But staring at the plume of smoke, her gaze followed by the rest of her team, a troubled smile appeared on her face as she got up. Walking towards the eastern side of the roof, she held out her hand, hoping to see the particles appear in her palm once more, but instead, a dim glow appeared. 

*"The star died, the web snapped.."*

## 4 - A glimpse of yesterday
### Synopsis
With Carbine now having no fusion reactor to utilise, and needing to suddenly deal with the cleanup of two reactors that have failed, Maria's internship reaches a premature ending. Together with the rest of her research team, she finds a place to take a break at in a watchtower about a kilometre away. In the days since the incident, she receives an invitation for an internship at the Álef Metro now that her Carbine internship reached an abrupt end. 
### November 24th, 2073
**"You're leaving for Álef, Maria?"** Karim asked the young woman. The two found themselves on the roof of the Central Fusion Reactor building once more, and with her legs dangling in the air, Maria was sitting on the edge of the roof, smoking a cigarette together with her superior during her internship, Karim. The radiation that was being emitted from the Kósfrii accident side was invisible to the human eye, but from this distance, it was also harmless. The plumes of smoke were still prominent in the air, heading towards the north, covering the sky in a blanket of thick smoke, robbing Choreos of showing her beauty. Maria nodded, followed by a deep sigh as she placed her cigarette back onto the ashtray to her right. *"I was offered another internship at the Álef Metro, and Evans isn't extending my internship here either."* She began, chuckling as she realised what she had just said. Looking at the trail of smoke reaching up to the sky from her cigarette, she continued, looking at the much bigger trail of smoke in the reactor remains the two were gazing at. *"It's not like there's much more for me to do here either way. I just hope it won't affect Jóukmandar too much.."* \
Karim pressed his hand against Maria's shoulder, tapping it gently and kneeling down to comfort her. **"It's a northwestern wind, so it shouldn't affect anyone in particular, the areas the wind is blowing towards is mostly forests and grassland."** He began, taking a puff of his cigarette and placing it into the ashtray before continuing. **"They're neutralising the reactors as we speak, so the damage should be minimal. But I can't deny it's a shame to see you leave Carbine so soon already."** \
*"We'll surely see each other again in the future."* Maria whispered back, a wide smile on her face as she averted her eyes from the reactor site to Karim's face. *"I won't stay out of this research field for long. Many of the questions I have are still left unanswered. It'll just take a bit longer before I can have another opportunity at solving the mysteries the universe is offering us.."* She said with a deep sigh, resting her left hand on the edge of the roof while holding her right hand out forward, hoping to see the particles appear once more, but instead seeing the dim glow yet again. Deflated, she lowered her hand, resting it on the cold stone of the roof once more, returning her gaze to the distant clouds in Kósfrii. \
**"Forgive me for asking, but, I've seen you hold your hand out like that a few times now, especially yesterday.. Do you see something that I don't?"** Karim quietly asked, having noticed her holding out her hand once more. In response, Maria shook her head, smiling warmly as she looked at her palm. *"Every time the reactor whirrs to life, I see particles swirl around my palm, shaping themselves into a sphere every time the reactor emits more power. Yesterday, when the Central Fusion reactor linked with the fission reactors and Pahlatlán, the sphere shaped itself into an immense web, almost akin to a map of our galaxy, but trying to grasp it, it snapped and fell apart, just like the Fusion reactor did.."* She finished with a deep sigh, imagining the scene before her eyes once more. The light to the right of the sphere she was trying to grasp had suddenly dimmed, and right afterwards, the web had fallen apart and the reactor shut itself down, ultimately bringing them to the situation they found themselves in right now. 

Karim remained silent, and following the gentle movement of Maria's hand, he continued to stare in awe. *"Maybe it's a gift from the universe to me, or maybe I'm just imagining things."* She giggled, lowering her hand onto her thigh as she smiled at Karim's awed expression. 

*"That's just one of many mysteries I've yet to solve."*

## 5 - Of what once was
### Drafted Synopsis
*// Having spent a few years with Carbine's Team in Shánzhe under Hammerhead's supervision, Maria's old research team gets invited back to Kósfrii to witness the Kósfrii dome complete its installation. During her travel, she somehow caught Leremkov. This chapter should be a lighthearted nod to that, offering a means of reunion with the remains of the team, and also give a lead into **Routine Maintenance** and **Carbine's ARC project** later on. Additionally, Maria has been working overtime in Láizhe, a nearby city of Shánzhe, to get a universal agreement on her proposed naming schemes for the planets in the nearby **Messier-48** system, proposing Raléi's name of **Cintura**, along with names for planets. The chapter should nod to that too.*
### February 7th, 2078
It'd been a few years since she had last sat on this exact bus, but even so, it still gave her an odd sense of hope. But her destination was the embodiment of hope that had let down not just her, but the rest of her research team, the rest of the team in Pahlatlán and Némiskéi, and ultimately, the entire reason that Carbine had been working here in the first place. But a little over four years ago, those dreams were shattered, and exhaling deeply, Maria came to remember why she was returning to Kósfrii once more. The short-lived *Spider's Web Project* had received its final nail in the coffin a year ago, when Carbine's parent division within Hammerhead rejected their last attempt at reviving the nuclear fusion project. And with the coffin closed, all that was left for Carbine to do was to leave it behind, and bury the remains. Two enormous steel domes had been built over the past few months, and a few weeks ago, they had been moved towards the remains of Kósfrii's central reactor, which already had a makeshift radiation shield installed over it. The incredible feat of engineering, the matte coated, dense plates surrounding the dome would give the grass fields of Kósfrii a new look for the rest of its future, and stepping out of the bus, she could already see the domes in the far distance, making their way towards the reactor ever so slowly. 

*"Maria!"* A voice called for her in the far distance, and looking into the direction where the voice had come from, she could recognise Karim, who was waving his arm frantically to get her attention. Beside him she could already recognise Leah and David's silhouettes as well, and inhaling deeply, she built up the confidence to approach them after all these years. She felt like she had lived at least two whole lives ever since the fatal incident in Kósfrii. She'd made her way to work with the Álef Metro, she'd reunited with Raléi after all those months, only to lose her almost immediately after. She exhaled deeply, her steps slowing down, leaving Karim's eyes worried. She shook her head, refusing to let the nightmares haunt her once more, especially not in front of her old colleagues, her old friends, and regaining the confidence she had lost just now, she stepped forward yet again. Since Raléi's death, she had been invited by Owen to join the Carbine research team in Shánzhe, helping them in their eagerness to embark on a new space-faring journey, and next to that, she was working overtime the past few months just to make Raléi's wishes for the galaxy a reality. \
*"It's been too long!"* Karim laughed after Maria had reached the opposite end of the road, reuniting with her old colleague while Leah and David were still chatting with one another a few metres away from them. **"Far too long.."** Maria sighed, opening her arms wide and giving Karim a tight hug, allowing her to flush away the emotions that had been dwelling up during the bus drive and the short walk just now. **"It's been almost five years, how have you been?"** She laughed after inhaling deeply, filling her lungs with air and stowing away any sorts of doubts and worries that had been simmering deep within her core. *"This may surprise you a bit."* Karim chuckled, scratching his head and averting his eyes to the side in embarrassment. *"I actually have been working at a winery with my parents since 2074. Carbine dissolved as a whole since the Spider's Web broke, and my days since have been tending to a café nearby and keeping my eyes on the grapes in Sirália."* He continued, smiling afterwards. *"But how's life been for you? We haven't spoken in so long, Maria!"* \
**"Busy, busy, busy."** She sighed, crossing her arms as she too darted her eyes to the side. **"I've worked in the Álef Metro for barely a year, with Nórem and eventually the entire grid collapsing."** She began, purposely omitting the most obvious details about Kristánisin's Agency, the bounty that had been on her head, and the loss of Raléi. **"But I've been idling at home until 2076, before Owen actually invited me to join a research team with Hammerhead Shánzhe!"** She continued, smiling afterwards, stuffing away the re-emerging nightmares that began to seep into the corners of her eyes as the grinding of concrete and rails echoed through her ears. \
Karim's eyes sparkled in surprise. *"Hammerhead?! That's incredible!"* \
Maria blushed slightly in response, debating whether or not she should tell Karim abou the fact that she is still with Carbine, and that it hadn't completely dissolved since the fateful day at Kósfrii here. **"It's been mixed, mostly.."** She smiled, facing away from Karim's curious eyes out of embarrassment. **"There's a lot of work on my plate, but at least I'm glad I can work in the field I've always dreamed to be in."** 

*"Carbine team 25."* A voice called for the group, causing the heads of all four members to turn around. Looking around her, Maria tried to spot Luke and Michelle, the last two members of the original research team, but pressing his hand on Maria's shoulder, he interrupted her in the process. *"Luke and Michelle couldn't make it, they were both busy with their car shop today."* He smiled, answering Maria's looming questions before she was even given the opportunity to ask. *"Let's go to the reactor site now, the Domes are ready."* 

The walk towards the reactor had been eerily quiet. A tense and uncertain atmosphere was looming above the trail of researchers that were making their way to Kósfrii's lone reactor, the one that had experienced a meltdown four years ago. In the hunt to discover more opportunities for scientific advancements in the future, they were instead put back two steps, and the enormous domes that they were now standing before was the embodiment of what had ultimately been a failure. **"They're much more ominous up close.."** Maria whispered to herself, gazing towards the sky, and watching the sunlight hit the steel construction and reflect onto the ground beside her. *"It's a marvel of engineering, even for how simple it is."* Karim chuckled back. His arms were crossed, and he followed Maria's gaze towards the top of the dome. *"Built in just under three months, an emergency commission by the remains of Carbine. It's a shame it had to come to this in the first place, we never received the opportunity to figure out where it went wrong."* \
Karim looked back to the floor and exhaled deeply. The domes were approaching their final point, and at a generous speed of 0.5m/s, it would only take about a minute before the entire reactor would be covered up by the enormous radiation shield. Time passed by slowly, and the only sound echoing into the distance was that of the wind, and that of the electric motors carefully pushing forward the dome towards its permanent destination. The minute passed after what felt like hours, and a sudden *click* brought Maria back to her senses. *"That was all."* Karim sighed. *"Our years of research, now sealed away for eternity."* \
Maria exhaled deeply, her eyes facing the floor now that she saw the final page of the short-lived Carbine journey in 2073 close that chapter behind her. *"There's not much more we can do here now, Maria."* Karim said, looking at Maria with a wide smile on his face. *"Let's get a drink together, shall we? We haven't spoken in so long."* \
Maria shook her head, smiling back warmly at Karim as she promptly refused. **"I need to make my way back to Láizhe already, it's a miracle I even managed to watch this chapter close at all."** She sighed, but putting her hand in her pocket, she revealed a contact card, and gave it to her old-time colleague with a wide smile on her face. **"I'm not meant to tell you this, but Carbine never dissolved, Karim. Right now, they're a team working under Hammerhead supervision, and the reason I've been so busy is because I've been fighting for a naming convention to be put through for Messier-48."** \
Karim's eyes sparkled, and reading the card in awe, he looked back up to Maria, struggling to grasp the situation, struggling to believe that the enormous amount of research he contributed to during his years at Carbine weren't for nothing after all. \
**"It's a little away still, but Owen said they're planning to reopen the Pahlatlán and Némiskéi institutes in a little over a year, if all things work out in our favour."** Maria continued, her smile growing ever wider as Karim's eyes continued to sparkle. Even if he couldn't find the words, Maria knew exactly what was going through his head. The desire to get back to the research that was abruptly taken away from him after the fateful day in Kósfrii. In his eyes, she could see the desire, the craving for answers to the puzzle that Carbine had been trying to solve for all these years. Words weren't necessary, his expression already told Maria enough. It would only be a little while longer. The installation of the dome that they stood in front of marked the end of the black page in Carbine's history. But it didn't mark the end of the long journey that was ahead of not just them, but the entire team at Carbine. **"Karim."** Maria smiled, looking him deeply into his eyes as her own were sparkling brightly too.

**"I hope I'll see you there."**

## Addendum
After the installation of the Kósfrii Dome, Maria makes her return to Láizhe to fight for the naming convention that she had been proposing and attempting to integrate throughout international standards, and would successfully do so in **2079**. With **Messier-48** and her planets now carrying the name **Cintura**, the toughest of work is yet to begin, and in early **2080**, Maria would help Carbine detach from Hammerhead to settle their research stations and institutes in the renovated Pahlatlán and Némiskéi institutes.