# TEMP - A Second Encounter
This document solely exists as a mirror for the existing story of *A second encounter*. It will eventually be worked out into [[ANGEL - Story#A second encounter]].

## TEMP - A second encounter.
Nevo was wandering in the outskirts of Amadnésam. It was around 8pm, a quiet and slightly chilly evening. But upon hearing slight rumbling in one of the nearby abandoned towers, Nevo perked up and swiftly made his way into the tower. Further inspecting, he heard the sound coming from the basement, rushing downstairs quietly. Walking through the hallway, the third door on the left was open and he heard the same rustling sound, like someone was going through the different archives. Unsheathing his sword, he made his way into the door without making a sound, seeing the backs of two people, one of them wearing a hood. A quick thought shot through Nevo’s mind, making him decide spontaneously not to kill the two immediately but to interrogate them. *Swinging his sword with a good amount of force, the strong gust of wind knocked the two figures over, making them turn around with a bewildered and terrified expression. Not seeing their faces in the dark, Nevo pointed his sword at them, asking in an intimidating tone.* *“Who are you? What are you doing here?”* \
(*// Of this aboive paragraph, only the highlighted sections will survive. This is because the POV will be from Nova/Nils, and not from Nevo.*)

Struggling to keep her balance, Nova nearly toppled over as she pressed the folder of documents tightly against her chest, a shiver running through her body. In just a matter of a second, the strong gust of wind had knocked her off her balance, but she gained her footing back quickly and stood up, turning around to face the source of the wind. But expecting to face death before her eyes once more, her brows furrowed as she looked down the reflection of the dim ceiling light in the blade that had been held right before her eyes. With a deep sigh, her ears flopped down on her head, her eyes meeting those of the swordsman while holding the folder with papers tightly in her left hand, and to her annoyance, they belonged to a familiar face. **“I didn’t expect to meet you again here, Nevo.”** She said back in a slightly irritated tone, her eyes glancing at Nils slowly standing up from the floor as well. **“You two haven’t met before. Nils, this is the swordsman that deflected my shot in Myddliva.”**

*“Oh, it’s you again. Didn’t expect to have such a quick reunion.”* [Nevo] replied in a slightly surprised tone, sheathing his sword again. *“What brings you to Amadnésam? Or especially to one of these towers?”* He stretched as he sat down on the ground before the two, seemingly fine with them having infiltrated the research tower.

**“Work.”** Nova sighed, her hands moving to the top of her head and pressing against it, brushing slightly against her ears. The fear of being met with force from SOLARsec was still stirring through her stomach, and even though Nevo was a familiar face to her, it would take a little while longer before she would feel settled enough again. Her hands left her head again and her blue eyes revealed themselves to Nevo once more, but were instead facing the floor. **“I’m still incredibly grateful for the money you’d given me when we first met, of course.”** She said quietly, her eyes drifting back to Nils, who had already stood back up again and was peeling through various folders once more. **“But it wasn’t enough for us to survive for longer than now. Sierra picked out a highly valuable set of data that would equate to the amount that was once on your head, that’s why we’re here to find it and leave this circuit behind.”**

*“Mm. Interesting.”* Nevo mumbled as he got up and walked up to Nils, looking at the folders he was going through. *“And who’s your friend over here? Doesn’t seem very talkative.”* He smirked as he poked Nils’ shoulder, poking a bit of fun at him. Nevo was acting very carefree, the two of them unknowingly very lucky that they ran into him and not someone else. *“Nils Lorieux.”* Nils replied with a stern expression on his face, averting his eyes from the folder to meet those of Nevo, his lime green eyes far more expressive than Nils’s light blue ones. *“Not too much to talk about when scouring through thousands of papers.”* He smiled, his expression lightening up as his eyes drifted to Nova for a moment, before returning to the various piles of paper in his hands once more.

*“Ah, so you’re a good guy after all.”* Nevo smiled back at him and took a step back, sighing. *“You do know that normally I’d have to kill you two, considering I work with SOLARdawn.”* He leaned against the lockers on the left, taking out a microfiber cloth and unsheathing his sword yet again, starting to polish it. His expression was neutral.

The two immediately looked directly into Nevo’s eyes in shock. **“You’re kidding.”** Nova scoffed, unable to find the right words for any more than just that. Her hands flung to her face once more, doing her best to keep herself composed, but her ears already betrayed the way she was feeling. Exhaling deeply against the palms of her hands that were pressed against her lips, she turned around, facing the wall of lockers instead of Nevo, who had in the meantime finished polishing his sword again, to collect her thoughts. **“You’ve got to be kidding, Nevo. Oh my god. Oh god, now what..?”** Nova mumbled to herself, her hands leaving her face once more as she opened a folder from the locker that was sitting right before her eyes, picking the first best folder out of the bunch, and staring at the logo at the very top of the first page in the tightly wrapped paper folder. “SOLARdawn”, it read, followed by another deflated, defeated sigh from Nova. **“No wonder these are worth millions..”**

Nevo sighed first but then started laughing, sheathing his sword yet again. *“You don’t seriously think I follow orders from anyone, do you?”* He pushed himself away from the lockers and walked over to Nova, checking the folder. The colour of the box surrounding the SOLARdawn logo was yellow, making Nevo shake his head. *“This one won’t bring in millions. Make sure to search for the ones with the red label, since those are the ones that are kept secret for the longest. They’ll bring in the most money for you guys.”* Nevo reached upwards, due to his height he was able to reach the lockers all the way at the top, opening one of them up and pretty much emptying it all on the bench that was in the middle of the room. Most of them had an orange label, an occasional red label peeking out.

With a puzzled expression, Nova soon followed Nevo’s hand, taking a folder that he had taken from a top shelf and looking at the label on it, the deep red colour in the top left corner sticking out like a sore thumb, but it did make sense to Nova as she took a first peek into the folder’s contents. **“Project TAKEOVER, LHD-0404..”** She mumbled to herself, flying through the various pages, finding out it was a type of drug, but she couldn’t see more of it at the glance. But with the red label at the very first page, Nova’s mind worked overtime as she imagined passing it over to Sierra, and letting fate run its course for the better. *“It’s not just SOLARdawn documents here.”* Nils suddenly remarked, tossing a folder with a yellow label on the small bench. *“This one’s from Equinox Medical. Not sure what a pharmacy is doing in a tower like this, though.”* He sighed, turning around once more to filter through the drawers, his eyes now fixated on the million-dollar folders that were supposed to be hiding in plain sight. Nova’s eyes closed for a moment as she followed Nils’s sigh, dropping the own folder she had been holding in her hand on top of the bench too. **“This or death, isn’t it, Nils?”** She whispered, staring absentmindedly at the growing pile of folders. **“High risks, higher rewards..”**

*“Equinox Medical rings a bell..”* (*// Unsure if this monologue will stay. It doesn't hold relevancy to the plotpoint of ANGEL as a whole, but rather to Nevo's own story' which I am not the author of.*) Nevo mumbled to himself, recalling memories from when he first woke up again after the war. But he couldn’t place his finger on why they seemed so familiar to him. He shook his head and continued *“Anyways, I suggest you guys don’t stay here too long. As much as I’d like to make y’all rich, it gets more and more risky the longer you stay.*” Nevo exclaimed, pointing down at the bench to the hundreds of folders laying there. *“Pick the most important ones and head back out. I won’t rat you guys out.”*

Nova’s ears remained flat on her head as the worries began to swirl further through her head, but a poke from Nils on her shoulder brought her back to her senses as she eyed the almost endless swarm of folders on the bench before her. **“Thanks.. Nevo..”** She was only able to mumble back to him as he was already making his way towards the stairwell back upwards. Even in such an odd atmosphere, even with his own, mysterious history, he had spared them from imminent death yet again. But those thoughts didn’t linger in her mind for too much longer. **“I’ll ask Sierra what she wants us to bring along. The second we do, we’re out of here.”** She instructed Nils, who nodded in response and squatted down next to the bench, already filtering through the folders. She took her phone from her pocket, but before dialing Sierra, Nova looked at Nevo’s back once more, smiling warmly. **“Thank you again, Nevo. I hope we’ll meet again in a more planned fashion.”** She said to him, turning around once more to clip a little speaker to her ear, stepping around the corner to dial Sierra.

*“Not a problem. Let’s go get something to drink next time. And it was nice to meet you for the first time, Nils.”* (*// Phrasing may change.*) Nevo smiled warmly as he took the first few steps up the staircase, coming to a halt on the third step. *“One more thing… make sure you watch your step in here.”*