# FIRST LIGHT
**First Light** happens once and never again. It is the beginning of the world that **GHOST TEMPLES** is placed in. Cziskvelén is the only person to have ever experienced the First Light, and has decided to not share the experience he went through with others, until it became clear that it was a necessity. Cziskvelén aged like normal over the past 50 years, and this meant his body slowly began to deteriorate from natural causes. The "Chromatic Eyes" are what he referred to as **Higher Spirits**, which is where that name originated from. 

## // CZISKVELÉN
### Life After Life
*// POV: Cziskvelén* \
And with a flash of light, from one moment into the next, I suddenly found myself ‒ what I presumed to be ‒ alive and well. But things seemed off, my surroundings seemed surprisingly barren and empty. The vivid memory of the situation I had found myself just mere moments ago remained in my head, replaying over and over again while my body began to adapt to the new place I found myself in. Just now, I was in an office, a government office, and not this empty and endless field of grass. I remember holding a weapon, that I aimed at a well-dressed businessman, but the details omitted me and the last part of the memory ends in a bullet that I didn't fire. \
Replaying that memory over and over again, my head stung, my body underwent pain that I never imagined before as I feel the gunshot go through my head, again, again, again. I fell to the floor, grunting in pain, screaming for help while my body gained a mind of its own and kept my nerves on edge. This must be what being in hell feels like, is it not? I'd been killed, but the type of person I am, or was, would only find a place in hell, religion be damned. With tears in my eyes, regret rushed through my veins. It was without doubt that I had been killed for my actions, and yet, at that time, I felt relentless and reckless. Like the world was my playground, and no human nor force could stop me. But, clearly, the world around me did not care what I believed, and I was stopped anyway.

With the soreness and pain having left my body, I carefully make my way back upright. I looked around in every direction, but no matter where a compass could lead me, the landscape seemed to repeat itself infinitely, regardless of where I looked. Here and there there'd be a tree, a different type of flower in a field, but no points of interest. The warehouse I was in seemed like a distant memory already, and I began to doubt my existence altogether. Was my previous life a dream? Or is where I am right now a dream? Things seemed so inexplicable, I couldn't lay a finger on anything, but the odd sense of familiarity and the sense of.. home.. refused to disappear. 

Deciding to head north, I keep my hands together, praying quietly that I'd at least find *something* where I'm headed, but after many exhausting hours I realise the sun was already past noon, gradually making its way to set again, and I still hadn't stumbled upon anything. \
I began to feel more worried. This started to feel like an elaborate prank. Did someone, instead of killing me, inject me with a neurodrug? Am I tripping? Is this what it felt like to be on the absolute limit of drugs? I shook my head, that wouldn't make sense either, but that implied that anything in this strange landscape I found myself in *would* make sense. And yet, strangely enough, I continued on walking just fine. The sun began to set, and I still felt just fine. I had been walking from sunrise to sunset and I didn't feel exhausted in the slightest. I felt superhuman, and yet, just as human as before. And with the time passing like normal, while the landscape continued to repeat itself, I decided to shrug off this strange experience as a vivid dream.

Midnight struck before I was even properly aware that it had turned night. Having walked forward mindlessly, I wasn't aware that my memories of my past life were beginning to fade. Over the past few hours, I went through every memory I had made before this, strange dream, and every memory that crossed my mind would end the same: The colours would mute, become monochrome, before it began perforating and eventually disappeared forever. My head was getting lighter and lighter. Was I finally reaching the limit in this strange walk? Maybe I was never meant to walk this way, and this was nature's way of telling me to turn around and head back where I came from, to the empty grassland I awoke into. 

Without any alert, an ear-deafeningly loud, metal noise echoes through the infinite landscape, as I cover my ears in reflex and close my eyes. Moments after, while trying to keep my senses, I look around frantically, now finding myself in a dense forest. The night sky seemed to be replaced by a mixture of chromatic colours and pitch blackness, tucked away behind the trees and gazing into my eyes. Looking upwards, the pattern remained, and through the treetops I found a spider's web full of chromatic eyes judgementally staring at me. The metal noise played again, and the eyes disappeared in an instant. With my heart pounding in my chest I tried my best to make sense of this absurd situation I was in. I'd walked for almost a day straight in a never-ending grass landscape, only to suddenly find myself in a forest with the *sky* staring at me? This just seemed too complex to make sense, but regardless, I continued onwards, praying that all of this would be over soon.

**"This will not end."** A metallic voice echoed through the forest, the same noise as before drawing eyes in the night sky once more. In every direction I looked, the eyes stared back, the chromatic rainbows glimmering in the night, giving me light that not even the moon would be able to give me. Between two trees, I lay my eyes on a particularly interesting eye, and keep my focus there as I struggle to formulate my response to this monstrous voice. *"What won't end?"* \
Right as I finish speaking, the wind picks up and almost manages to make my lose my balance and fall. **"The world you are in will not end."** The metallic voice replied, the wind blowing and whistling loudly in my ears, doing all it can to knock me down while my eyes continue to focus on that singular eye between the two trees before me. 

Overwhelmed by the incredible performance of nature around me, I began to finally lose focus as my eyes, muscles, and ears finally reached their breaking point after all the stress that was being exerted on them. The metal noise from the eyes in the sky, paired with the increasingly brightening chroma lighting and the strong winds around me, finally broke me as I lost balance and fell to the ground. Meeting the mossy floor next to the trees, I change my focus into the largest eye in the night sky, the colours reminiscent of the rainbow reflection of shattered glass, while rain begins to fall. I was subject to nature's unlimited forces, and I came to peace with that. Even if this all happened to be a dream, I knew I was to reach the end of it fairly soon, and with a deep, satisfied sigh, I continue to be mesmerised by the colourful night sky. But even that was short-lived, and the large eye in the sky began growing even further, glowing so much more brightly that it almost seemed like dawn, before I realised it was coming down towards me, and the metallic noise of metal breaking began picking up to higher volumes than before. 

**"This is no dream. This is reality."**

Failing to cover myself in time, another bright flash of light encompasses the entire forest, and after a moment of time I carefully open my eyes, the landscape around me having changed yet again. Instead of the forest at night, I now found myself back in the grass plains at noon, although this landscape seemed more familiar than usual. Before me stood a gate, which I recognised as the **Timeless Gate**, a gate that had been abandoned for many years since humanity had set foot on this planet. It was shrugged off as someone's vanity project that never met the light of day the way it was intended, and was just decoration in the nature reserve it was in, but something seemed strangely alluring about it. I felt a force that I had never felt before in my life now that I was standing right before it. Carefully stepping closer towards the gate, I notice that the colours between the two pillars were starting to mute, before it completely turned to black and the chromatic eye constructed itself again. This time, the metallic noise didn't echo, and its voice seemed more pleasant too, more understanding. **"Cziskvelén. You are the settler of the temple before you. The Temple of Chroma. You are chosen."** \
I wanted to put my hand on my mouth, but found it to be blocked by a strange acrylic mask, that I didn't remember ever putting on. Hesitantly, I stood still in my tracks, and continued to ask the eye. 
*"Chosen.. for what cause?"* \
**"Chosen to grant new light to those that fell. You are a Ghost of what once was. This realm, your existence, is elevated. You settle Temples, to provide new home to those that fell unfairly. Cziskvelén, you have the ability to revive humans that fell by rescuing their spirit, and elevating them to the realm you are in. Life will continue like normal for you, for them, such they deserve."**

With a deep sigh, the quiet metallic voice of the eye before me echoed through the grassland around me and within my mind. Raising my hand back to the mask I was wearing, I make sure that it's fitted tightly. Even if this explanation lacked important details, I found myself understanding anyway. The puzzle slowly neared completion in my head, everything began making sense, and the oddness of the vivid dream I had a day ago was now completely gone. With no memories of my past life, no names, no contacts, nothing, I stepped forward, my hand stretched outwards towards the eye as it spoke to me one final time before its strength channelled and surged through my veins. 

**"Go, Cziskvelén, shape the world.**

**For them."**


### What happens after?
Over the span of 50 years, Cziskvelén guides thousands of lost spirits and elevates them into the universe they find themselves in now. As the **Chromatic Eye** described, is that the Ghost Temples are **"Elevated Realms"**. This mean that any temples that are constructed will not reflect onto the lower realm, where life like normal takes place before death, and is elevated upwards and stays aligned. In short: Any construction that takes place on Luniks is reflected into the **Elevated Realm**, but any construction that takes place within the Temples is **not** reflected back to Luniks itself.

Leading into the **Era of Vászi and Matéis**, he settles his last two Temples and makes way back to where the **Temple of Chroma** once stood. By this time, Vászi and Matéis are both aware of the reason why he's doing this: His strength has slowly run out. 

In a the drafted story below, Cziskvelén will return to the **Timeless Gate** where once the **Temple of Chroma** stood, to meet the **Chromatic Eye** once more. From there, it's explained that this **Elevated Realm** is merely a continuation of the life that Ghosts were robbed of on Luniks. Having been killed himself when he was 35, he was now nearing his 90s, and the end of his life by natural means was near. The Eye sends a signal to the last settled Temple, the **Temple of Álusken**, and from there on **Vászi** makes his way (as written in [[DESPAIR]]) towards the Chroma with Cziskvelén, to offer his farewell and to accept the handover of Cziskvelén's strength to him, succeeding him in his role of the **Chosen Settler**.


## // Vászi
### The Legacy Carries Over
*POV: Vászi* \
And with a flash of light, the energy of the Blade leapt me forward in time and in space. In the corner of my eyes, I could see Snow and Marten disappear, the Morrésik mountains passing me in a mere matter of seconds, before suddenly striking a translucent wall. Coming to an immediate halt, I grunt softly, the force of the sudden stop exerting a force on my body that I had never felt before. Getting back on my feet as I lift the Blade back to the sky, I slowly reopen my eyes and analyse my surroundings. It seemed like a pleasant area to be in, it didn't appear to be settled by any sort of nation just yet, and the empty grass fields continued on as far as the eye could see. But turning back to the wall that I had struck, I realised it was slowly beginning to disappear again, and a strange structure appeared before me with a figure besides it. With the glimmering and translucent wall evaporating before my eyes, I make my way to the structure.

**"Welcome, Vászi, to Chroma."**, the structure suddenly spoke, a raspy, metallic voice that echoed through the plains and could be heard miles and miles away. I turn back to my left to face where the voice had come from, seeing that the gate had closed and a black void now filled the gap between the two pillars, and an older figure dressed in the same Guardian attire as mine, before it suddenly dawned upon me what was happening. *"Cz.. Cziskvelén..!"* I stammered, struggling to believe that the person I believed to have lost all those years ago simply stood here right before me. With a gentle nod, he stepped forward, his hand slowly making his way towards his mask as he took it off, revealing the face of an old, withered man, clearly reaching the final stages of his life. **"It's been a while, Vászi, I hope you're been doing better than me."** He said slowly, taking various pauses in-between his words, clearly struggling to speak. **"You can probably imagine.. why I sent the signal.. To Matéis."** \
With a quiet gulp, I step forward towards Cziskvelén, noticing how our difference in height has increased over the many years since the last time we had seen each other. Carefully moving my hand to my own mask, I take it off as well, revealing my own face to the structure and to Cziskvelén, something I hadn't done in many, many years. 
**"You haven't aged a bit!"** Cziskvelén suddenly laughs, lifting up the spirits of the both of us in an otherwise darkening sky. **"Still rocking the same scruffy beard, even when Yun Li and Matéis told you it doesn't suit you!"** 

I smiled warmly yet nervously, my hand makes its way to Cziskvelén's shoulder, as I struggle to formulate a proper response with the nervous thoughts of what would happen in the back of my mind. *"I.. well, have grown to like this beard.. even if I never show my face.."* I reply nervously, my eyes nervously drawing to the side as I stare at the structure beside me. *"What is this place.. anyway? I've only seen it in dreams, but this isn't civilised, is it?"* \
The Chroma sprung back to life, the eye reappearing within the black void, analysing and scanning every inch of my body. **"This is Chroma, Vászi."** Cziskvelén begins, his voice having changed back to a more serious tone. **"This is the Temple I was reborn at, the very first of many ghosts, like you.** \
**After my own death, over 50 years ago, I awoke and found myself in an infinite maze of repetitive landscape, supernatural events, and most importantly, the Eye of Chroma haunting me for two days straight. I had no idea what was going on back then, and shrugged it off as a dream, but 50 years later, I am here, at the dying end of my rescued soul."** \
I struggled to understand, but nodded understandingly anyway. I related to what he was describing, the weird feeling of vividness and strangeness, yet familiarity. It was exactly what I had gone through when I was reborn by him, and I imagined it was the same feeling I had given to every ghost I had helped through rebirth. Snow, Marten, both of them and everyone else in the Temple of Vestia must have experienced the same. And yet, I felt like something was out of the ordinary with what Cziskvelén was describing, as I let him continue.\
**"Chroma has guided me through Rebirth, and I was the first Ghost. Ever since, I had guided thousands of ghosts throughout the planet with the power that the Chroma had granted me. But you can imagine that power doesn't last forever, and both Matéis and I figured that ghosts do, in fact, age and die like normal."** \
My eyes opened wide in disbelief, the skies grew darker and darker with every second as the Chromatic Eye continued to eerily gaze at me. *"So.. what you're saying is-"*

**"I had been chosen to guide ghosts back then, Vászi. Now it's my duty to grant you that same power."**

With a soft smile, Cziskvelén held his hand out to me, and I could easily see how much he's aged over the past years. Time had flown by in a breeze. I'd been roaming the Vászi and the Realm around Vestia for many years already, it just never dawned upon me that I was aging like normal, that my "life" continued on like "normal". I was still the same person as before, even though I had forgotten all that had happened before my death. I still looked the same before my death, even if there was no way for me to confirm nor deny that. I was the same, yet so vastly different, it was an indescribable sensation that washed over me, the feeling of life, beyond life. \
Hesitantly, I took Cziskvelén's hand, holding it dearly and carefully. *"This is tough for me, Cziskvelén."* I whispered quietly, fully aware that I was about to bid farewell to the person that had granted me my next chance at life. I knew how tough it was, and I knew that I eventually would have to bid farewell to Matéis too, just like I had watched Yun Li disappear into the sunset many years ago too. But this was much worse, this felt like an impossible task, a reality I didn't want to face. \
Holding back tears, I felt Cziskvelén's other hand gently hold mine, even despite his age his grip was still as strong as ever. With a quiet whisper, he cleared his throat, preparing to say the words he would speak to me, to anyone in this Realm. 

**"Vászi, promise me one thing."** He started quietly, his eyes staring deeply into mine, and I could see a faint glow in his otherwise muted green eyes, causing my stomach to turn, fully aware that there was no turning back from here on out. \
**"Continue the Legacy. Grant life where there is death. Shape the world from where I left off. For them."** 

I nodded slowly, deeply struggling to hold back tears and unable to speak with a lump in my throat. This seemed impossible to me, but there was a voice in my head that told me that things would turn out for the better. I had already helped so many people through Rebirth, through their new lives. How much different would it really be? \
Slowly, I could feel Cziskvelén's hands let go of mine, as I placed my mask on my belt, the Chroma calling for us. I saw him walk towards the structure, the black void beginning to spread out of its bounds, almost encompassing Cziskvelén's body, as he spoke one last time, his hand held out for me. 

**"Come, Vászi. Our Legacy awaits."**
