# GLIMMER
Within Ghost Temples, a **Glimmer** is understood simply as a memorable moment that occurred at one point in a Ghost's life. These may be considered as everyday activities, such as *forest walks* for Winter, *painting* for Snow, and so forth. This document will capture all these various glimmers of the various Ghosts, and give a glimpse of their new lives.

### GLIMMER // SPARK
Both of **Spark**'s Glimmers have moved to her journey entry at [[Journey - Spark]].

## A Guardian's Angel  
### GLIMMER // MARTEN  
*// POV: Marten*  
  
**"Marten..! Marten!"** I heard someone call for me in the far distance. The voice was faint, vague, but it was nearing me as it continued to say my name. I felt asleep, I felt exhausted, and lost. **"Marten! Wake up, man! I know Haodong's lectures are boring, but you can't just fall asleep!"** I suddenly recognised the voice, and immediately sat upright. I found myself in the lecture hall of the University of Lasz, somewhere I hadn't been in many years now. As if time paused, every bit of information flowed back into my mind, about where I found myself, the lecture that I had just slept through, the voice that was calling for me to wake up. Within a second, I remembered where I was, and I put my hands to my face after suddenly jumping awake. *"Oh my god, Jonas, I don't think I've ever slept like that before."* I groaned, my voice muffled through my hands. **"You didn't miss too many important things, and I'll catch you up sometime if you need, but let's pack things up now, Sandra and the others are already waiting outside."**

Without much further ado, Jonas and I made our way outside the lecture hall after I picked up my notes and bags. Upon exiting the doors, I recognised Sandra's face immediately, wondering when the last time I saw her was, especially since it'd been so long since I'd moved to the hospital for thorough checkups, and eventually, was forced to be bedridden with my cancer worsening. **"Marten, you're dozing off again."** Jonas suddenly said, giving me a firm poke against my shoulder as I snapped back to my senses once more. *"Sorry! I did just wake up again just now!"* I laughed, giving him a firm poke back as the bunch of us headed for the grand doors of the university, heading outside to treat ourselves for a coffee for lunch. 

But the weird, hollow feeling I felt in my core refused to go away. The odd sense of mystery remained, and I wasn't exactly sure what was going on. Was I dreaming? Or had I been dreaming all my life? I remembered the frequent visits from Miranda at the hospital when I was bedridden, but even after that, I vividly remember when Vászi had guided me through my rebirth. The odd, lingering mist in the vacant hospital wasn't something I could ever erase from my mind, and how could I forget Snow? It refused to make sense to me, but for whatever reason, by whatever force, I continued to walk forward sluggishly alongside my friends. Whatever spirit guided me from above, they had given me another opportunity to meet with my lifelong friends, those that I hadn't seen in so long. Whatever it was, I wouldn't let it go to waste.

**"How's life with your new heart now, Marten?"** Sandra suddenly asked me. We'd sat down at our usual café, treating ourselves with a few coffees and a cake to share between all of us. *"Oh! It's been.. uh.."* I stammered, not really knowing how to answer such a question. Especially after finding myself in my previous life for no proper reason, Sandra's question especially caught me off guard, causing my doubts to stir deeply in my stomach. *I'd died, after a metastasis, what heart transplant?* I thought to myself, but deciding to not make them any more worried than they already were, and quickly finish my sentence. *"It's been more or less the same, it's still beating along!"* I laughed, the others following soon after. We caught up with one another more and more, and I learned that wherever I found myself now, I had survived my rare case of heart cancer and had been given a donor heart, and it'd been a week or two since I was released from the hospital to resume my studies at the university. By now, I'd accepted whatever force brought me back to life where I found myself now, and before long, I believed that whatever strange visions I had about my death, rebirth, and the Temple, were gradually leaving my mind as we made our way back to the university.

But right as I was ready to accept my new, old life, more questions came up to me as I looked around the city centre of Lasz on our way back to the university, I began to notice that some details on the buildings were beginning to fade, and some of the banners in old Chinese were losing details, and I could no longer read them properly. Panic was beginning to set in as I felt my mind work overtime to have it all make sense, my heart was beating loudly in my chest, and I felt a worrying warmth spread through my body. Before long, I was trailing behind my friends, and even their features were beginning to transform in simple, pulsing swirls, the details leaving their clothing. The tiles we were walking over were breaking apart, their aged features fading away. Dizziness was beginning to overwhelm me. Whatever spirit it was that brought me back to this life, they had tricked me, and I was now merely a subject to whatever it was that it would force onto me next. My hope that it was nothing more than a migraine were quickly thrown into the bin as colours began to mute too. I stood still in my tracks, my hand pressing firmly against my head as I could feel it throb. Everything began to sting, everything began to hurt, and I couldn't explain why. The muted colours were quickly becoming white and simple, transforming the once beautifully detailed and authentic city of Lasz into a mere white box. **"Marten..!"** I could hear Jonas yell in the far distance, the same feeling I felt when I had woken up now returning once more, closing the loop as I collapsed to the floor, feeling as if I went through death once more.

Jonas's featureless face disappeared before my eyes, and I found myself laying on my back, encapsulated by a white dome, one that was oddly familiar. Something was pressing down on my left arm, and slowly looking to my left, I recognised Snow, her ears peeking out under the blanket. My body was still feeling hotter than it's ever been, but realising where I found myself, it was quick to calm down again. I moved my other hand to my head, pressing it firmly against my forehead to feel it throb slightly, nowhere near as bad as it did before. *"A dream.."* I whispered to myself, Snow's Whiteout already beginning to disappear, and our bedroom slowly revealing itself to us as the dome fell apart. With a deep sigh, my body cooled down, and I turned to my left to face Snow, holding her tightly in my arms while she continued to snooze deeply. *"Thank you."* I whispered to her, slowly closing my eyes once more to try and fall back asleep myself. Whatever it was that I had just gone through, it had been a dream, an incredibly vivid one at that. But where I had woken up was undoubtedly the real world, as mysterious as it would sound to my past self. One where I had died from heart cancer, but was reborn by a mysterious figure, and would eventually lead the same Temple I was resurrected in? If anything, that sounded more of a dream than the one I had just experienced, but without a doubt, it was real. 

*"I love you."* I whispered quietly to Snow, giving her a gentle kiss on her forehead as I moved myself properly under the bedsheets again, hoping that my future dreams would treat me better.
