# LUNA

## LAST LIGHT // LUNA
### SPAD (Signal Passed At Danger)
Vestia Rapid is a conventional high-speed rail service connecting the various nations of Vestia, being capable of reaching service speeds up to 400 km/h and connecting the different capitals without sacrificing extra budget for a line that exclusively supports Maglev trains, a technology that remains dominant in Asia. In 2040, the new train lines had undergone intensive testing and the trains were finally allowed to enter service in 2044, and continued to service the line without any major incidents. \
That is, until **August 30th, 2074**. Entering regularly scheduled service from Álusken to Benelux, passing through Zhuehai, is a Vestia Rapid VR20. Boarding in Zhuehai is Luna — then known as *Storm* — a non-binary young adult who was out with his friends in Shánzhe, before waving them goodbye early to board the approaching VR20. \
Upon boarding in Shánzhe, the train was scheduled to pass through Matéiazhu and the Danish exclave of Karlsborg, before reaching their home country of the Benelux. Usually, this means the service should cross the border about 45 minutes after departure.

20 minutes after departure from Shánzhe, the blooming and glowing city of Matéiazhu draws closer, as the train gradually begins slowing down from its rapid cruising speed. To Storm's surprise, this happens with much more rumbling than usual, as the train begins shaking and veering from left to right, up to a point where the cabin lights begin flickering as the battery begins to struggle to keep up with the low power draw from the OHLE. As Matéiazhu quickly comes within the 5km range, Storm begins to understand what's going on. Gazing out the windows, they see familiar buildings fly by at a much higher speed than usual. By this time, they should be going a mere 200 km/h already, but the out-of-control VR20 is still flying past them at 350 km/h. Panic ensues in the coach, as other passengers begin to hoard their baggage or brace in their seats, grasping for non-existent seatbelts, as the city draws nearer and nearer, without any sign of slowing down, the only signs passed being those that signal **"Danger"**.

24 minutes after departure, the high-speed rail section reaches its **end**, indicating a maximum possible speed of 160 km/h, while the approaching train is still racing at 320km/h. Arriving from the central section, the VR20 is due to board at platform 15, all the way in the south end of the train station. Upon the first junction, Storm feels the entire train begin to tilt and fall over as the first set of bogies detach, followed by the second pair, before the entire train **derails**. Grabbing onto their seat, fearing the worst, the impact of the train on its side knocks them out of their seat as it continues to slide rapidly and violently towards platforms 7-8, before inevitably, the lights go out.

## REBIRTH // LUNA
### Unplanned Stop
*POV: Luna*

*"The deafening sounds of everything collapsing had passed, I felt like I lost the ability to hear, to see, to feel. Had I died? What happened? I remember the train, the derailing, the crash. I must have died, haven't I?..."* \
**"As painful as it is to say, yes, you have."** \
Dumbfounded to hear a reply at all, I try to reopen my eyes, struggling to gain focus of the figure before me, or focus on anything at all. My ears began to ring again as the visions of the moments just before the train derailment begin to replay in my mind, before gradually burning up and vanishing as soon as they appear. The figure before me was vibrant white. A black and white mantle, a snow white mask, wearing a hood, so curious...  \
Before long, I finally manage to focus my eyesight again as the figure before me becomes clearer, much like the scene surrounding them. Everything seemed familiar, I recognised the different platforms, I recognised the ceiling and the unique lights that hung around here at this time of the year. Until suddenly it clicked, and I looked to my left. My eyes opening wide, everything immediately flashed back to me. I didn't just find myself in Matéiazhu, nor just at the train station. It was far worse. I found myself at the scene of the accident, with the fateful train right beside me. In shock, I turn back to the figure before me, struggling to keep my emotions under control as everything begins to fall apart in my mind. \
*"W-what's going on?"* \
**"Beside you is a VR20, or what's left of it. You had boarded this train, with good faith, but a power failure led to this accident, and the loss of your pure life."** \
"Pure life?" This was too much to handle for me. Even though I used to excel in strange and supernatural conditions, this was outrageous. This was way beyond anything I could ever have imagined. I started to grow more annoyed. I needed to know where I was, I needed to understand what happened and what will happen next, but as I tried to stand up, I was interrupted once more by the white-masked man before me.
**"Do not exert yourself. I am here to help. As sudden as this might be, I am here to help"**
He reached out his hand to me, showing no signs of hostility whatsoever, as I was conflicted in my emotions yet again. 

*// Note: This is an open end, and needs additional story to become more complete*

## EXPOSURE // LUNA
### Eyes Meet (Subject to tweaks)
**// Subject to tweaks**: Originally, I wanted Luna to be unaware of the Ghost Temples existing as a whole, especially being unaware that there was an underlying connection. After the creation of *REBIRTH // SNOW*, this approach changed, and drastically changed the timescales as well. Because of this, several tweaks need to be put through the currently drafted story so that it becomes more in line with *EXPOSURE // SNOW*. Tweaks might include:
- Revealing the mysterious girl is also a ghost.
- Adjusting time scales so that the story doesn't take place after "All those years"
- Implement a signature use to reflect the modern idea of an Exposure entry

Roaming through the vivid and bright streets of Matéiazhu, hidden behind a mask and seen by nobody, is a young ghost. They lost their lives in a shock derailment incident on their way home from Zhuehai to Benelux, in the first deadly rail incident since the opening of the planetary rail network, at least 30 years prior. Ever since, they've been stuck in Zhuehai, forever longing to go home, but instead needing to find comfort behind a mask, roaming through the streets, eyeing every passerby, some familiars, mostly strangers. With their head down, they reach behind a corner store, taking a seat on top of the garbage collector, their hand resting on their cheek as they stare into the busy street. Every single night has passed like this. Staring at the busy street, eager and desperate to join the masses, but just being invisible to everyone, hidden behind a mask.  \
*"Is everything alright? You look exhausted.."* a young voice suddenly sounds behind them. Shockingly, they turn around, now facing a girl of about 19 years old, gazing deeply into their eyes. Completely taken aback by the situation, they stare back, their voice long gone as the girl gradually grows impatient. *"I don't have all day, I can help if you want me to"*.  \
Struggling to find the right words, knowing they last spoke a word all those years ago on the train, they lift their hand, pointing at the girl. **"You can.. see me?**" They ask, a raspy, distinct, yet slightly digitalised voice coming from behind the mask. In response, the girl nods, her already low amount of fear and doubt dropping to the floor as she draws closer, analysing the ghost's mask. *"You have a mesmerizing mask, it's so delicate.. Is it handmade?"* She tenderly asks, making clear she means no harm in the slightest.  \
**"It's.. old.. but made by myself."** The ghost mutters back, slowly regaining their long lost comfort in speaking, as they loosen up as well, gradually gaining trust in this mysterious girl before him. "I must know", they start, as they slowly drop down from the garbage collector, **"How are you able to see me? You are the first in years, this should be impossible."**  \
Instead of directly answering the question, the curious girl continues to overanalyse the ghost's mask, eager to point out smaller details, finding a crescent moon mark, the emblem of Vestia, and the symbol of Jérrat, beautifully integrated into the mask's white and gold colourway. Suddenly, she breaks the now minute-long silence, carefully looking into their eyes. *"It's strange. I've seen you around more often, as well as other masked people. I thought everyone systematically ignored you, but if I'm alone in being able to see you..-"*  \
The ghost suddenly interrupts, with their hand on their chest, gripping tightly on their suit. **"I've seen other ghosts. An Ox's mask, a Fox's mask, oddest of all, a broken mask of a Deer. If you've seen them too, it must be a sign. It must mean something."**  \
Nodding slowly, the girl's confidence seems to stagger as her eyes now face the floor, eyeing the ghost's shoes, but not in detail. Speaking softly, she gradually looks back up to face the ghost's mask. *"I've been meaning to ask, but if I may, what is your name?"*  \
A shiver runs through the ghost's phantom body, as flashbacks suddenly race through their mind. A vision of the train, a vision of family, all sorts of familiar faces, familiar places, seemingly so far away, as words and names refuse to formulate and connect. Raising their hand to their face, they once more struggle to collect words, before finally looking back into the girls eyes, responding confidently and clearly.  \
**"I am Luna. For now, that is all that matters."**

### What's next?
For **EXPOSURE // LUNA**, the main approach is following Luna through their story and describe their experience as a ghost, starting from the very moment of the rail incident in Zhuehai, all the way towards the complete connection of temples spread throughout the planet, maybe even hinting at temples located back at Earth?
