# WINTER 
## LAST LIGHT // WINTER
### Neverending Daydream
*// POV: Winter* \
With a deep breath, I sit upright in the tent, hearing Martin still snore beside me while the sleeping bag to my left was already empty, meaning Anita had already left the tent to go for her morning walk. Putting on my joggers and hoodie, I carefully and quietly unzip the door of the tent, seeing how it's still fairly dark outside; It's barely dawn, but I do still see bright beams of light on the horizon, and a dark sky slowly turning orange. Right outside the tent was Anita, having plopped down in a folding chair, making herself a simple tea over the induction heater, as she suddenly hears and spots me crawling out of the tent. *"Oh, Julia! I hadn't heard you wake up, good morning!"* She cheerfully whispered to me, making sure to not wake the others still sleeping in the tents up. *"Had a bit of a pleasant sleep in the Mónsan Mountains?"* \
With my hands rubbing my face to wake myself up, I groggily nodded, still feeling very drowsy from how late we all went to sleep last night, how long it had taken us to even reach this open spot deep into the forest. But despite this spot being temporary, it sure was a sight to see the sun rise like this. **"I slept pretty terrible,"** I whispered back to Anita, realising just how raspy my voice was, worried that I was already developing a cold, but shrugging it off as a morning voice, **"But it sure was worth this view."** 

Plopping down in the folding chair next to her, we watch the sunrise together with a cup of hot tea to warm us up, before our attention is diverted to our left, as more rustling comes out of the tents. Waking up in unison were the remaining three, as Martin exited our tent, and Lisa and Markus promptly exited the other tent, all looking equally groggy as the two of us did. *"Been a rough night for you three, hasn't it?"* Anita joked in an attempt to uplift the spirits of everyone, as she immediately gets a reaction out of Markus, leading to a little bit of morning banter between the five of us. 

Finishing my tea and watching the sunrise for a little longer, I finally decide to head back into my tent, gradually beginning to pack everything again, as the last section of our journey was crossing the border just outside of Myradsked, where we would head into the Morrésik Mountains and finish our journey there. We collectively decided to make the journey as lightweight and as easy on us as possible, not bringing too much items with us and getting food whenever we would pass a town, but after Myradsked, that would no longer be an option, and would also become the toughest section of our journey yet. But with the five of us and high spirits, we all knew that we would make it through just fine.

Before long, we collapsed the tents and made our way past Myradsked, as we trotted deeper and deeper into the vast mountains and woods of Morrésik. Many legends about these woods and mountains would frequently be passed from generation to generation, about how neither Mónsan nor Álusken ever decided to claim the mountains, or to settle here, because of many reports of supernatural activity. And even though I've not been a kid for many years now, those legends and tales did begin to cycle through my mind, as I began to feel increasingly worried, beginning to hear and see things that startled me, the rustling of leaves, the sound of deer and moose in the far distance, all lead to my steps becoming more uneasy. 

*"You feeling alright?"* Markus suddenly asked me, startling me further as I felt myself jump for a second, before realising what had just happened. I nodded slowly, mumbling back to him with the worries still lingering in the back of my mind. **"Could be worse, could be better.. It's the folklore legends that are beginning to worry me.."** \
With a gentle laugh and smile, he patted me on the shoulder as I looked up to him, his antlers sticking out like a sore thumb to me still, even though he's had them for several years now since his visit to Kérisant. *"I get your feelings, but you don't need to worry, they're nothing more than just legends, after all."* He said back to me, giving me just enough sense of hope that I began to feel warmed up again, ready to tackle whatever lays before us. 

But that sense of warmth and hope was short-lived, as none of us could imagine what lied ahead of us. Anita and Martin noticed a steady gap in the trees form, and made their pause accordingly and scanned around to find a different route, something that I completely forgot to do. Even with the uplifted spirit, the thoughts remained in my mind, echoing back and forth as I began hearing things, voices calling for me, desperate to get my attention. From one second into the next, I snapped back to reality, and realised that everyone around me was actively calling for my name, for me to stop walking forward, to get back to my senses. In a split moment, I hear Markus's steps rapidly approach me, but it was already too late. With one final step forward, the very moment I realise just what was happening, gravity took a hold on me. The snowy landscape had turned dark, and loud cracks and rustling now echoed through the forest. I looked down, my biggest nightmare unfolding before my very eyes, watching the snow disappear like a deer staring into the headlights of a car, completely helpless, and subject to nature.

The floor beneath me had given way.

## REBIRTH // WINTER
### A New Trail
*POV: Winter* \
With a loud thud, I suddenly jumped back to my senses, even if everything felt off and wrong. I felt oddly energetic, yet sore all over, and especially nauseated. It felt like I was hit by a truck, on the highway which was carrying nothing but dense metals at high speed, my body hurt more than I had ever felt before and I couldn't place a finger on why that was the case. With a loud cough, I feel my head begin to pulse in pain too, before all of a sudden, all the soreness and pain vanish into nothingness. Struggling to fight through the new numbness in my body and mind, I gradually lean upwards and open my eyes, expecting to see total darkness after the fall, but instead finding myself buried in snow, right next to the ravine I thought I had fallen into. Now realising what was going on, I desperately look around, trying to find a glimpse of Anita, or Markus, or anyone that witnessed me fall. Did they somehow manage to pull me out of the ravine, but then abandon me? *"If they did.. how did I.. survive?"* I thought to myself, panic rushing through my veins as I desperately look around, needing to find an answer, needing to find where the others were, so I could tell them that a miracle had happened, that I had survived the fall. But instead of finding the others, my eyes landed on two mysterious figures before me, turning my panic into worry.

**"Unfortunately, your fall was fatal. You did not survive."** 

Upon hearing his voice, my worry became fear. My mind short-circuited, and I struggled to find a reasonable explanation as to why these two strange figures were standing before me. They most certainly weren't my friends, they couldn't be waving me farewell before I would go to heaven. No matter how much I tried, I couldn't find a reason, I couldn't understand what was going on. This all seemed too real, and yet, so.. unreal.. *what was going on?*

*"What.. what happened..?"* I mutter under my breath, my voice sounding hollow and raspy, as if I had awoken from a bad sleep on top of the Kálisgerou, I struggled to breathe, to think, to do anything in the state I was in right now. \
But without a second thought, I looked upwards again, the icy chill that took a hold on my body slowly vanished, as I saw that the man before me had held his hand out to me. Taking his hand immediately, I got lifted upright, in awe at how he managed to pull me up that effortlessly, as I eagerly listened to his voice again. 

**"I'm sorry if this is a sudden shift, Winter. My name is Marten, beside me is Sóvis. From today on, we'll be your guardians."**

After a few seconds of wobbling, I find my proper footing again, having a sense of normality again ‒ as far as normality goes ‒ and continue to hold his hand tightly. It seemed like an immense burst of information at once, and yet, I felt very understanding and complacent with what was going on. By now I had realised that my body had shifted, the feeling of a tail dangling behind me was obvious at this point, and I know that my ears weren't in their usual place either, and even despite all of that, everything already felt natural. 

Before long I saw Marten take off his mask, revealing his slight beard, while Sóvis kept his mask on, paving the way and escorting us as we slowly began to move forward again, away form the ravine, towards my new home. Hesitating just slightly, I held Marten's hand tightly, looking him deeply into the eyes and feeling a sense of comfort and confidence, as I asked him gently. *"Marten, what happened.. before.. this..?"*

Without a single bit of hesitation, he immediately replied, holding my hand tightly in return as he began to explain. **"It's a lot to take in, I'm sorry. The simplest way to say this, is that you had died, and we have revived you into your current state. The three of us, along with many others, are all part of the Temple of Vestia, a commune of ghosts that have all gone through the same situation you're in right now. We rescue ghosts, just like you, when they're taken from their previous lives too soon."** \
Nodding carefully, I felt understanding, and especially grateful that I was given such a chance to start anew, even if it meant saying farewell to my friends. \
*"How come my body is so.. different.. though? I don't remember much.. but.."* \
**"We're never able to rescue a person's body, but only their soul. In some cases, your soul doesn't exactly match the body you lived your past life in, just like yours."**

I nodded again, the cold and icy feelings finally disappearing, trading places with warmer, comforted feelings. A sense of belonging, a sense of being cared for. Something I didn't miss in my previous life, but something I didn't expect to feel again either. 

*"Thank you.. Marten, for all of this.."* \
**"I should be thanking you instead, Winter, for your good heart. Let's continue on home, now, you deserve to rest after all of this."**

## EXPOSURE // WINTER
### Home in the Forests
*// POV: Winter* \
It's been a while since that strange day in the Morrésik woods, where I was revived and reborn into the place and time I find myself in now. Marten had led me to his home, which he shared with Snow, and had since treated me as if I'd been family from the very first second onwards. I've frequently been in contact with Sóvis and Marten respectively, both aiding me and teaching me the ropes in my new life, the new world and culture I was put into, and both said they were very impressed with how quickly I managed to get the hang of everything. Apparently, most ghosts in my situation would go through a series of traumas from their past lives, or struggle immensely to adapt, but I didn't experience any of that myself. It worries me, and makes me feel like something is fundamentally wrong with me or missing, but I've also been feeling at peace with it. I can't combat any of this, because I have no choice but to believe that I did in fact go through rebirth, but even if so, things seem fine, so that makes me feel fine.

Wrapping my scarf around my neck, I slowly exit our home, making my way past the various markets and community meeting points on the way towards the Váseim. Despite the fact that I got myself killed in the Morrésik woods in my past life, I still felt deeply at peace in the forests, still getting the same thrill and peace of mine whenever I find myself within it. The Váseim was big as well, and even though I originally lived close to it, I never got to walk through it and experience it as much as I do now. It was still winter, meaning that the floor was coated with a generous blanket of snow, a place and time I always found myself most comfortable in. 

But despite the feeling of comfort and peace within the forests, I still felt uneasy at times as well. Other ghosts frequently mention how they quickly lose their old life's memories upon rebirth, and while some did vanish for me, other thoughts refused to disappear. Sitting down on the bark of a fallen tree, I take a few moments to get back to my thoughts. Even though it's been well over two weeks since, I still get vivid memories of that day, where I walked through Morrésik with the others, only to suddenly feel and see the floor sink away beneath me, hearing their voices yell for me, knowing how helpless they must've felt in a situation like that.. 

Snapping out of my focus, as the echoes of their voices are quickly exchanged for the quiet crunch of steps on snow, I frantically look around me, expecting an animal to walk around near me, but eagerly hoping to see my friends. My ears perk up, looking for every sound coming from every direction as my eyes follow soon afterwards. But my hope is short-lived, as I ultimately find nothing, shrugging it off as the rustling of a tree. I make my way back to the tree and sit back down with tears gradually building up in my eyes. More and more memories began reappearing in my mind, every happy memory, every sad memory, every single memory that I had ever made in my life was replaying again and again before me, as I watched the first teardrop fall on the blanket of snow beneath my feet, followed by many, many more. It felt like torture, it felt like hell. Even if my soul was deemed pure enough to be granted another chance at life, it didn't feel right. I missed them, more than I ever imagined I could miss something. Their laughs, their voices, hobbies, everything about them was perfect, and I had to ultimately come to peace with that I'd never be able to do the same things with them ever again.

But in a moment of peace, I suddenly stand back upright within the blink of an eye, sniffing quietly and feeling my tears disappear as my instincts takes over. I feel and see the wind pick up, circling around me and picking up snow along the way, creating a dome of snow and fog as my ears stand back upright, scanning around frantically to pick up where the strange sound that I heard originated from. With a swift step, I feel a mixture of a warm and cold rush seep through my veins as I turn around, my hand stretched out to confront the noisy creature that was behind my back. \
But as soon as I turn around, the storm that formed around me immediately comes to a stop as the snow slowly and quietly falls, my arm staying in the same position, my entire body freezing up upon seeing who was behind me. \
*"S-snow..! I-I didn't.. expect you here.."* \
**"I-I-I'm sorry..!"** She instantly replied, as I noticed how her ears flopped down and her tail puffed up, realising she was just as surprised and startled as I was. **"I-I'm sorry for scaring you..!! I just wanted to check up on you.."** \
With a quiet smile, I feel the extra strength in my body disappear as quickly as it appeared, causing me to slowly stumble forward into her arms. Even if it was momentarily, I felt like my entire body collapsed and lost all of its strength from channelling that storm, wondering just where I learned that, where I had gained that strength to begin with. 

After a minute or two, we both sit down on the same tree, my body still completely exhausted while Snow rests her hand on my thigh for support. Giving me another few seconds, she suddenly breaks the silence, explaining what had just happened, and how similar it was to how she first met Marten. I learned that the sudden strength and snowstorm were referred to as "Signatures", and how her signatures were very similar to mine. I managed to channel extra strength, which she can do as well, but most interesting of all, we both had an encapsulating signature. She brought up how I summoned a snowstorm, trapping her within, and how she can summon a similar dome, trapping in just herself or whoever she wishes.

Another moment of silence passes after Snow finished explaining everything, after which we went through all the memories we still knew, and all sorts of hobbies she picked up since her own rebirth and everyone she had met in the Temple ever since. Watching the sun gradually set, I guide Snow to one of the prettier spots within the Váseim, where the forest reached its edge and the sun would shine in all its glory, slowly sinking away behind the horizon, paving the way for the moon, as more memories of before my death came back. But instead of an icy chill, a pleasant warmth washed over my body this time around, as I took Snow's hand, holding it dearly, making sure I won't ever be able to lose her the way I lost Anita, Markus, and everyone else. *"I used to love watching the sun rise and set when I still travelled with my friends.."* I said quietly, my eyes fixated on the last ring of the sun gradually disappearing behind the horizon, seeing Alkéisa's Ring hovering just above it. I feel Snow holding my hand more tightly as a response, her head slowly turning towards me with a warm smile on her face. 

**"It might not be the same as back then, Winter, but we'll make many more memories together as well, I promise."** 

With more tears building up in my eyes, I look back to snow in disbelief. Having felt ready to abandon everything now that I felt like I had lost everything, my ears perked straight up as Snow continued to speak to me. I could see tears dwell up in her eyes too, glimmering in the light of the sunset and on the verge of streaming down her cheeks like mine.

**"We don't share similar characteristics, I'm a fox, you're a leopard.."** Snow slowly begins to whisper, her grip tightening around my back, **"I was raised in Keustellet, you were born in Karlsborg, but even despite all of those differences, you're like a sister to me, Winter.."** 

My heart was pounding, the tears broke free and I instinctively leapt forward with my arms wide, holding dearly onto Snow and letting out my tears, letting actions speak where words failed. My body began warming up, and the wind began to pick up, slowly but surely engulfing us in the same snowstorm that appeared when Snow first approached me. Before long, I felt Snow's arms wrap back around my back while the last bit of light from the sun disappeared with the sunset, handing the realm to Jerrát and its moonlight. 

**"It's all going to end up fine"** I heard Snow whisper to me after minutes had passed, and I slowly moved my face back out of her shoulder, feeling like I'd cried my heart out. 

**"As long as we stick together, forever."**
### What's next? 
For **EXPOSURE // WINTER**, I've honestly already reached the end of what I intended to write about Winter adapting to her new situation within the *Temple of Vestia*. She has bonded both with Marten as a Guardian, and Snow as a sister, and from here on I will probably include Winter in other various stories together with Snow, considering the two are almost inseparable now. \
Over time, I'd like her to further develop her *Signatures*, but especially pick up various hobbies for her to kill time as wel, whether that is alone, or together with Marten and Snow. During this, she will gradually open up, as she originally had a very closed-off and bold personality that gradually loosens up over time as she gets introduced to new people within the Temple. 
