# SNOW

## LAST LIGHT // SNOW
### Wrong Place, Wrong Time
*// POV: Joseph* \
With sketches and notebooks stuffing my backpack to its fullest, Daniel and I departed from school for the holiday, heading to **Norden**, the enormous supermarket that had stood in the heart of Keustellet for as long as my memory could take me back. We had made ambitious plans, we'd travel to Vao at least once, we even aimed to go to Hédenis for a few days for the hot weather, and we'd especially enjoy our time off. But with each bullet point that we added to our plans for this holiday, another bullet point appeared from a deadline that was soon to follow after the end of the holidays. 

Not too many weeks ago, I received an offer from **Carbine**, a weapons and tech company that was in its startup phase, and was eagerly looking for a new brand identity to make itself stand out throughout Álusken, and much further beyond. It was a massive reach for me, but since I was already struggling with college and finding my own groove, my own workflow, I bit the bullet and decided to make this work my best one yet. 

But walking through the aisles with Daniel, chit-chatting about anything that came across our minds, double checking what we had planned and where we would be going, I continued to worry about Carbine's insane list of requirements they had given me. The yellow, triangular design they had envisioned, their original logo they wanted to keep, a flexible identity that could be translated into all their products and projects. And all of that, I had to magically make appear as a student that narrowly passed his most recent exam. It seemed too far-fetched, especially since they kept on repeating how important it was for them to compete with **Hammerhead**, my stress just continued building up, right at the doorstep of a two week-long break. But it didn't take long for Daniel to notice my obvious change in mood, the obvious thoughts circling around my head.

**"Joseph, I mean this with all my heart, get the Carbine stuff out of your head."** Daniel spoke, breaking the silence with his tone raised, clearly pissed off. **"We have two weeks off from college, let's use that wisely. Get your mind elsewhere, let's have some fun! I know I definitely will, but of course you're invited!"** He continues, holding up a bottle of vodka that he had picked up from the shelves earlier, a wide smile on his face, giving me the confidence I needed. I look to my left, snapping out of my thoughts and remembering that I was in the drinks aisle, taking a sixpack of beers and putting it in our shopping cart, the worries about Carbine's list of requirements for their rebrand already gradually leaving my mind. With a smile, I look back to Daniel, imagining the fun we could have over the next two weeks. *"You know."* I begin, taking another sixpack of beer and placing it into the shopping cart as well, all worries now behind me. *"I'm up for a bit of fun!"* \
Daniel laughs, placing the bottle of vodka he was holding back as well. **"That's the Joseph I've known for years! Let's get something to eat for dinner too, can't drink on empty stomachs!"**

We walked towards the central aisles of the supermarket, where the international products were being sold. Daniel was very much in the mood to make tacos with the rest of us, so with our spirits raised, we went through the different saucing packages, spice mixes, types of tortilla's, until Daniel broke my concentration again as I was imagining how our party would even come together at all. **"I'll check in on how much beef we'll need, I'll be right back!"** He quickly said, leaving the shopping cart where I was, promptly leaving the aisle I was in. I smiled, and returned to my concentration and imagination of the party, and how everything would turn out. *"Would a spicy mix be the best pick?"* I thought to myself, almost thinking out loud. *"Or should I play safe with a very aromatic mix?"* \
Pondering for just a little longer, I finally picked a mixture of both, before I began hearing a weird, buzzing and whistling noise from afar. I looked around frantically, eager to figure out what the sound was and where it was coming from. It was intensifying, as if something was drawing closer. Did someone's phone go off? Who would have mice repellent as their ringtone? I shook my head, thinking nothing of it, and put my hands back to the shopping cart, on my way back to Daniel to see what he's been up to.

But I didn't make it 5 metres forward, before the world around me suddenly shook violently. I felt myself flash forwards a minute in time, as if I got knocked out cold momentarily. Something had terribly gone wrong, but I couldn't figure out just what it was. My ears were ringing, and the aisle I was in just a moment ago was now in ruins, smoke filling up the stands, and natural light from the sun seeped into the supermarket instead of the regular roof lighting. My body felt like it was being crushed, like I was standing on Jupiter. This felt immense, unreal, and worrying. Something must've gone wrong, a bang, a flash, echoing through the aisles over and over again. I tried to move, I tried to look around, but my legs were stuck and trapped under whatever it was that was pushing me down to the floor. I recognised the shopping cart before me, the smell of vodka, the smell of beer. It was in ruins, seasoning mixes replaced with concrete dust.

**"Joseph! Oh my god!"** I suddenly heard from across the aisle, and I looked to see Daniel hurrying to make his way towards me. **"J-Joseph, oh my.. god! What the fuck do we do, what the fuck do we do?!"** He stummered, adrenaline rushing through both of our veins, desperate to make sense of the situation, and to figure out how to deal with this. **"Joseph.. can you move, at all?"** Daniel asked me, his face bleak from fear, his eyes holding back tears as he frantically looked around the pile of rubble that fell on top of my entire body. I shook my head, my lungs compressed, my voice silenced. Even with my legs as numb as they were, I could feel them slowly get soaked with a liquid, what I could only imagine to be my own blood. Daniel's worries increased tenfold, fear seeping into his mind, anxiety into his veins, and the tears he struggled to hold back were now flooding down his cheeks as the situation we found ourselves in became more and more dreadful with the second. **"Joseph.. please.. for the love of god, I'll find help, I'll find help.."** \
Helplessly, I saw him look around the aisles, hearing his footsteps more and more clear with the ringing in my ears gradually fading away. But his footsteps were the only ones I could hear, and I tried my best to wiggle myself free, completely stuck under the roof that collapsed. Everyone had fled the supermarket, it was already evacuated, and just me and Daniel remained, sealing my fate. 

I managed to raise my hand, and in the corner of his eye, Daniel noticed my quiet call. Carefully making his way to me, his aura radiating pure anxiety and fear for what was to come, he too lost track of his thoughts. **"I-I'll call 992, I'll do anything, Joseph, please, stick around, please.."** \
Tears began to stream down my own cheeks as well, my blood pressure was rapidly dropping, my heart was struggling to beat, my lungs struggling to breathe. My end was in sight, and the both of us were very well aware of that. \
*"M-my hand.. Daniel.."* I coughed, freaking both of us out when blood started to seep out of my mouth too. Without thinking, Daniel took my hand, holding it as tightly as he could while the quietness of the aisle began to disappear, emergency services making their way into the supermarket to rescue any other people in the same situation I found myself in. But I knew it was already too late. Even if I was rescued, I would be paralysed for life, I was losing hope, faster than blood was rushing through my veins. *"It's been.. wild.. Daniel, I'm sorry.."* I struggled to speak, dizziness overwhelming me together with a strong feeling of lightheadedness. *"T-that it ends.. this way.. I love you."* \
Tears were streaming down Daniel's face, as he screamed for help, desperate to catch the attention of the emergency services that were making their way into the supermarket, but he too began to realise that it felt more hopeless than ever. \
**"I love you too, man, please, not like this, not like this.. Joseph.."**

My eyes struggled to stay open, the nauseating feeling increasing infinitely, until the rest of my body numbed down, no longer seeing Daniel, no longer feeling his hands holding mine, the noise in the supermarket fading away in a mere second, and I breathe. Once more. Once more, and never again.

## REBIRTH // SNOW
### Despite Everything
*POV: Snow* \
I woke up with immense soreness and icy chills spread throughout my body. It felt out of place, it felt wrong, but I couldn't lay a finger on just what it was. The vivid memories of the explosion, Daniel screaming for help, the numbness, wetness, and immense pain I felt just now, what had happened to that? I opened my eyes slowly, a layer of dust on the floor beneath me, a lingering cloud of dust filling up the rest of the aisles, the single rays of light from the hole in the roof providing the only light in the entire market. My head continued to throb, blood rushing through my veins as it slowly but surely awoke again. Just where was I? Had I been rescued after all? Did Daniel make it in time with calling 992, did I merely pass out? \
In shock, I look around to find clues, my memories appearing in snippets, one after the other at the speed of light. I saw Daniel, the bottle of Vodka he was holding, my worries about Carbine, until the bang right above me. I felt the pressure from the roof collapsing on top of me once more, the emotions that Daniel and I were going through replaying over and over again, tears streaming down my cheeks now knowing that that was behind me. I was buried under the pile of rubble, waiting for my inevitable death. \
My memories began to burn away, the pictures that my mind was presenting me grew holes, erasing the memory entirely. My head began to hurt, my mind began to hurt, a feeling of disconnect from reality overwhelming me as I try to stand up. I held onto the shelves, realising the pile of rubble was to my left, without a body underneath. It failed to make sense to me, my memories began to fail me, my body began to fail me, I couldn't adjust, it all became too much. The pictures in my mind faded away, gone with the wind, lost to the kindling fire that reached into every corner in my head. \
I couldn't understand. My legs were crushed, how could I walk? Daniel held my hand, where was he now? The entire supermarket was abandoned, just how long had it been? How did I.. survive? Had I survived, at all? The memories completely faded, my head left empty, my body shifted, and as quickly as I remembered, I began to forget.

Groaning softly, I fall back to the floor and move my hand to my forehead, feeling it throb as blood surges through my body as I gradually come to be. A vision repeatedly pulses through my mind, an image of a formally dressed, masked man, black shirt, white robe, a mask completely covering his face, white.. \
**"It appears you have awoken, young ghost."** \
A voice booms through the supermarket, echoing off every wall as I turn my head upwards, facing the strange figure that I just pictured in my mind right before me. Millions of questions come to me right away, but none exit my mouth as I only manage to let out a soft gasp, feeling like I'm unable to speak, as if I'm silenced by the strange aura emitted by the figure before me. \
**"Speaking is not advised. It appears you have died."** He says without emotion. Through his mask, I can feel his eyes stare deeply into mine, my body shivering as I now feel completely helpless, completely lost. Feeling tears already begin to build up as every emotion rushes through my mind, from fear to confusion, to anger and sadness, he opens his robe, and reveals a mask. \
**"This will help you speak. Please understand and put it on."** \
Carefully taking the mask from his hand, I study it deeply. A plain, white mask with fox characteristics, especially with its enormous tipped ears. Gulping as I wipe the tears I tried to hide away, I put on the mask, feeling a new stream of energy and warmth instantly stream through my body as I reopen my eyes, gazing upwards at the mysterious figure before me, trying to scramble together the right words. \
*"What's.. going on?"* \
**"I am the Settler of Vászi. Your name is Snow. Together, we are part of the Temple of Vestia. I understand this is a lot of information to take in at once, for that, I'm sorry"** \
Finishing his words, Vászi carefully bows in an apologetic manner, his robe delicately wrapping around him in a protective manner, almost as if it's a defensive manoeuvre. In response, I crawl upwards, my legs continuing to wobble, now fully aware of the situation I, and my body, are in, while more and more information seeps into my mind from the mask. Catching my breath and readying my words, I prepare myself for the worst of answers. \
*"Vászi, if I may ask, what.. happened?"* \
Without hesitation, the Settler takes a step forward to put a hand on my shoulder, his other hand revealing a copy of an ID card, and flips it around, revealing a small mirror, which in turn reveals my face, mismatching the pictured face on the ID card, as I feel a cold shiver run through my body upon realisation. \
**"On October 4th, 2075, a missile struck the supermarket you find yourself in. You happened to be in the wrong place, at the wrong time, and were trapped right beneath where the roof collapsed. We were not able to rescue your body, but we rescued your soul, and gave you another chance in the body that matches your soul."** \
A chill runs through my spine, and an everlasting moment of silence begins between us. My body had felt odd from the very second I had reawakened, and the glimpse I got of myself in the mirror fully explained why. Moving my hands to my face, I carefully take off the mask, feeling a cold breeze enter my lungs as I take a deep breath, struggling to keep my head high, to keep my emotions beside me for the time being. After what feels like hours, I finally find the strength to stand up, as I stare before me, Vászi's arm extended, feeling his eyes gaze deeply at mine through his mask once more, but feeling a much more inviting, a much more pleasant warmth this time around. Taking his hand, I try to speak, but get cut short, still struggling to speak without wearing my mask, and being interrupted by Vászi. \
**I'm terribly sorry that you had lost your previous life, and I understand your new form is vastly different. I will make a promise: I will guide you, and I will guard you, for I am your Guardian from now on.**

## EXPOSURE // SNOW
### Of All Colours
*POV: Snow*  \
It's been a few weeks ever since. Day in, day out, I met with Vászi at the temple. We'd go through the different halls, the different divisions and wings that were underground, hidden away from other sources of life, except for the occasional group of deer that showed up in our forest. But it hasn't been too long, I've learned to adapt, I've learned to live with what I have now, even after death. 

Today, Vászi gave me a day to rest and recover, so I chose to spend that time at the edge of the forest with a grand view over the flower fields. Knowing that I'd have this view, I brought my mask and a brush, as the hours slowly began to pass as I began to gradually add colour to the mask, watching the sun gradually pass from noon to dusk while my ears continuously and frantically scan around, picking up all sorts of sounds from the nature surrounding me. From the birds flying through and out of the treetops, the wind gently shaking up the leaves, and the soft rustle from the waving flower field before me.

Suddenly, the peaceful sound of nature is broken as I hear a series of footsteps and cracking leaves approach me, their sound getting louder and louder with each step as my ears perk upright, facing to what's behind me, tracing the sound. My heart begins to pound in my chest, as I decide to stay put. *"Surely I'm imagining things, no?"* I ask myself, every single possibility rushing through my mind as I try to crack the code as to who might be stepping towards me. Do they know I'm here? Have then seen me? *Can* they see me?  
  
The footsteps quiet down, having stopped right behind my back, the stranger's warmth radiating against my tail as I do my best to keep myself upright and cautious, still having no idea what might happen next, before hearing one last step taken forward. From pure instinct, I felt like the stranger was reaching their hand out to touch me. In the blink of an eye, I turn around, my right hand coated in a blue, waving fire as I reach for the stranger's neck, keeping it in place and neutralizing them while the world around me vanishes, leaving behind an empty, barren, and glowing white wasteland with just me and the stranger left.  
  
My eyes glow with fury, the same fire that's present on my arm also resides on my ears and on the tip of my tail, completely altering my appearance as the strength continues to pulse through my body, fully aware that there are no other people nor structures that can eavesdrop on me and this stranger.  
  
After what feels like forever, my strength already dissipates, my grip gradually loosening up and leaving the stranger before me gasping for air. The fire in my eyes and arms vanishes as calmness behind to flow through my body, followed by a blend of confusion, fear, but determination to figure out what exactly is going on. *"I-I'm so terribly sorry! I had no idea! I was afraid, got overly cautious, and now.."* I stumble helplessly, emotions rushing through my body upon seeing the slight burn mark left on their throat. My ears flop down on my head in pure despair as the stranger before me regains their breath, and manages to find their voice. **"Quite the scare, it was."** They say politely and calmly, coughing to free up their airways before continuing. **"It's Marten, Junior Temple Guardian. It may look bad, but worry not, I've gone through worse Signatures and I'm still here to tell those tales."**

Without any effort, Marten stood back upright as the white dome surrounding us gradually begins to dissipate, the sound of the wind and the rustling of the leaves and flowers slowly returning. Frantically looking around me, I see the trees return, the whiteness disappearing while the gentle green reappears. **"You've made yourself a gorgeous mask"**, Marten suddenly says, eyeing the mask held in my left hand, breaking the gentle silence once more. Caught off guard, I reply flustered, not really having an idea of what to say. *"I-I barely use it.. Vászi said I recovered well enough to no longer need it.."*. With a gentle smile, Marten replies as he buttons up his coat, which hadn't even dawned upon me yet. He was wearing his usual attire, a luxurious brown coat covering up his otherwise regular clothing. If he aspired to be a Guardian, shouldn't he be wearing Guardian attire..?

### What's next?
For **EXPOSURE // SNOW** I really want Snow to reflect on her new life and overcome her deeply rooted fears. Dying one day and waking up the next day in a completely different body, headspace, and situation isn't easy for anyone. To reflect both sides of her personality, the rooted fears but desire to overcome those, the two Signatures, *Whiteout* and *Channelling Astárout*, help visualise those two sides. 

As for Marten, I'd like him to gradually grow into a non-characteristic Guardian. He has all needed skills and the right desire to become a Guardian, but much like Luna, really dislikes their formal attire, and thus chooses to wear his own. In his journey, I'd like to help him guide a new ghost through Rebirth together with Vászi, but I'll still need to come up with a proper story for this, since I don't want to make it too barebones! 

