# SPARK
## LAST LIGHT // SPARK
### The Sparks That Flew
*// POV: Spark* \
The news had come to me as a complete surprise too. For over 5 years, I'd been learning the essence in string music, trying to specialise myself in guitars and violins, but after continuously feeling hopeless about my development, my teacher had suddenly told me that a studio had taken interest in me. And that wasn't just any studio at all, it was the National Vaon Orchestra, an orchestra I had dreamed to be a part of ever since I was young, ever since I started to learn string music. It had surprised my teacher too, but she had promised me to have my back no matter where this would take me, so with a wide smile on my face and an elated feeling encompassing me, I waved goodbye to my teacher for the night and made my way to the busstop home, to tell the rest of my family the fantastic news.

But the second I got off my bus and walked towards my home, things began to tick me off. I took a peek at my house from a distance, noticing the lights were still fully on. *That's.. odd? Are they anticipating the good news..?* I thought to myself, spinning the mystery into a positive thing and not thinking too much into it. After all, the positive words and the message from the Orchestra itself quickly overshadowed any sort of confusion and weirdness I still had in my mind. 

Before long, I had made it home, putting my key into the front door and making my way inside with a wide smile from ear to ear on my face. **"I'm hooooo-"** \
But I was cut off abruptly. Just like I had expected, a surprise was awaiting me behind the front door, but even with that in mind, no scenario like this had ever come across. *Blood on the walls. Murky smell. Distant flame. No response. Noise upstairs.* The voice in my head rapidly spoke as I stood dead still on the spot, completely incapable to process what was going on. I frantically looked around, my heart simultaneously sank to the floor and beat violently in my throat, a feeling of hollowness and fear overwhelming me and rushing through my veins. I dropped my guitar to the floor without care, the front door having closed behind me by itself. **"H-Hello..? Mom..?"** I said in hopes to receive an answer, my voice trembling as I began to lose control over my senses, the nasty smell of blood beginning to overwhelm me as I felt like throwing up, realising blood was seeping down the stairs from above. **"D-Dad..? Bryan? Wh-what's going on..?"** 

With a heavy heart and unstable breathing, I fought through my fears and made my way upstairs, keeping myself alert and on edge for anything that could happen at any time. Every step I took towards the second floor made my heart beat louder, the feeling of nausea ever increasing as the nasty, murky smell increased with every step. \
Reaching the end of the stairwell, I frantically scanned my surroundings once more, an endless flow of blood seemingly coming from my parents' bedroom as I carefully made my way there, doing my best to not step into the stream of blood before peeking into the bedroom. But once I made my way into the bedroom, the pile of blood continued, and my worst nightmare came true right before my eyes. **"B-Bryan!!"** \
I was already far too late, the body of my elder brother was completely lifeless against the wall, his legs having been torn open by what I thought must've been a sword, and blood flowed endlessly out of his body, draining his already dead body infinitely. My thoughts entered overdrive. Someone must've broken into our home, who.. what else would've done such a thing. *Bryan.. Bryan.. Oh my god.. There's no way, there's no way!* I mumbled to myself, failing to keep my volume down, to keep my breathing under control. I was completely helpless, at a loss for words, as I yelled across the hallway, begging to hear an answer, begging to hear at least *something*. **"M-Mom..! Dad..?"** 

I looked around the bedroom further, thinking that a hurricane or a monster must've ravaged through here. The bedsheets were torn, the closet had fallen, and the elephant in the room was that Bryan had been brutally murdered by, someone.. something.. \
I stepped out of the bedroom again, and took a peek into the bathroom, but with the door wide open, nothing appeared to have taken place there. Every single thought rushed through my head, over and over again. I began to prepare myself for the worst, that I would ultimately have to deal with seeing mom, dad, end up in the same way. I needed answers, I *desperately* needed answers, and making my way towards the closed door of my own bedroom, I hoped to find them.

Carefully opening the door, I held my breath and kept my eyes closed, expecting to see the worst but hoping to see the best. The squeaking of the door was ear-deafening, as it's been for the past year, but nonetheless I took the first step into my bedroom and looked to my left, my eyes immediately landing on my mom in the same situation that I had found Bryan in, but unlike him, she was still breathing. \
**"M-Mom..!!"** I yelled, discarding any sort of carefulness I had been taking since I got home, immediately dropping to my knees in the stream of blood that was seeping out of my mom's legs. Tears began to dwell up in my eyes, and I saw the same happen in my mom's eyes. **"M-mom.. oh my.. god.."** I stummered, emotions and fears reaching their high as I spotted her hand clutching her stomach, completely drenched in crimson red liquid.. blood.. I immediately reached for a shirt that was right beside my bed that I had left on the floor before I went for the guitar lesson, carefully wrapping it around her stomach in hopes to stench the bleeding. *"A-Anna.. my Sparkle.. sorry.."* Was the only thing she managed to say, her breathing still unstable. I knew that she was struggling to fight through the bleeding and wounds at all, and I held back from overwhelming her with any questions that I had, only wishing for the best to happen in the impossible at this moment. **"I-It's going to be fine.. mom.. i-it will be.. everything.. has to.."** I muttered under my breath, doing my best to keep my tears at bay and help her as much as I could, failing to realise that my mom was desperately signalling to look behind me. My focus was entirely on helping my mom stay alive at this point, that I didn't bother looking around my room further, and from one moment into the next, my mistake became clear.

A sudden strike, and a feeling of a burning pain became eminent on my shoulder. A unknown force had pushed me downwards to the floor, as I collapsed on top of my dying mom, worsening what was already beyond saving. I felt my heart skip a beat, my left arm lost all of its nerves and feeling and completely failed on me, a numb sensation overwhelming it as I fell to the side, crushing it under my own weight. In a desperate attempt, I held my mom's hand with my right hand, holding it tightly, feeling her struggle to hold my hand as well. She was in her dying seconds, she'd already lost so much blood and only continued to lose more since I entered my bedroom, making an impossible situation completely hopeless. I kept my eyes closed, tears now streaming down my cheeks, words failing to exit my mouth as I let go my my mom's hand and wrapped it around her chest as tightly as I could. \
*Mom.. your breathing.. mom..* I whispered to myself, the burning feeling on my shoulder now overwhelming the rest of my nerves and emotions while I no longer felt my mom's chest rise and fall. *Mom..? Mom..? Don't let go.. don't let go.. don't..*

Fighting through emotions and conflicts in my mind, I slowly reopened my eyes, staring at the lifeless eyes of my mom, struggling to swallow now knowing that she too, was further from my grasp than ever. I sniffed, my tears streaming uncontrollably down my cheeks as I slowly turn around, my heart skipping a beat upon facing the person that had caused all of this horror, this pain, this seemingly endless spree of death, the person.. I knew.. I thought I had known. Under my breath, staring deeply into his cold, loveless eyes, I whisper softly, wanting to know answers but knowing I would not receive them in my lifetime. **"W-Why..? Dad..?"** \
He continued to stare back into my eyes without any emotions nor good intentions at all, while the only feelings circulating through my mind were betrayal and sadness, all while my shoulder continued to bleed out and numb down. I felt like a deer in headlights, no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't look away from his ice cold gaze. No matter how hard I tried, I was frozen in place, unable to move at all. I had found Bryan dead, I watched my mom die right before me, and now, I was to be next to lose my life to my father. \
I was stunlocked, my eyes drew down to the enormous knife he was holding, a mixture of dried blood having stained the blade, and the fresh blood of my shoulder still dripping down onto the carpet on my floor. To my surprise, my breathing was slowing down, my body was easing up while it still screamed in pain, but before I had any chance to react, I realised the blade was coming towards me. In a fraction of a second, I saw it inch closer to me, as if time was going in slow-motion. Emotionless, and quietly, it pierced through my sweater, through my shirt, straight through my chest, and from one blink of the eye into the next, my senses disappeared entirely, my body, my mind, failing all at once. \
My fire was exhausted in a snap, and no spark could ever set it back ablaze.

## REBIRTH // SPARK
### The Flame Reignited
*// POV: Spark* \
A wave of dizziness washed over me, and I felt like I was awakening from a month-long slumber, I felt disoriented, lost, but surprisingly enough, everything smelled familiar, like home. \
Slowly, I opened my eyes, my vision blurry at first, but after a few blinks and seconds it became clear to me just where I was: home. *Or at least, as close to home as I could be.* I thought to myself. I looked around the living room, I saw the front door as I realised that I had been fast asleep while on the stairs. The dizziness persisted, and the smell of dried blood became more prominent as well, especially upon taking a look to my knees. The stream of blood from Bryan's body that dripped down the stairs formed a puddle at the end of the stairs, which had transformed the light wooden floor into a dark, crimson gate to hell.

I shivered, the pain in my shoulder remained there. But after pressing on it with my hand, and checking for blood, I looked back at my hand to see nothing at all. The pain persisted, but the wound was gone, and frantically checking my chest, not finding any ripped clothes or wounds there either. *B-but.. Dad's knife..* I whisper to myself, the images and memories replaying in my mind over and over again, feeling the blade slam against my shoulder, through my chest, again, again. 

Fighting through the pain, I decided to force myself to stand up, to figure out what was going on. A strange mist was forming within the living room, the temperature was dropping further as I stood up from the stairs, eyeing the dried blood on the walls, the floor, and on my guitar at the front door. 

**"Please, do not be afraid, Spark."** 

I stand dead in my tracks, a deep, booming voice suddenly interrupting the silence within my ravaged house. *"S-Spark?"* I thought to myself, ticked off at being addressed like that. *Only mom called me her sparkle, w-what.. is going on..?* \
Hesitantly and slowly, I turn around and look up the stairs to discover who the voice had belonged to, only to be met with a confronting image. An otherworldly figure stood before me, dressed in white, wearing a plain mask, a pitch black chestplate. Dried blood, ripped wallpaper behind him, and yet, his mantle and mask were the brightest shade of white I'd ever seen in my life. I knew one thing for sure, this wasn't dad, nor was it a joke from Bryan or Kimi either. This figure was, strange.. yet oddly.. familiar.

*"W-what? Who are you?"*

The figure before me opened out his right hand, his body language giving off no harmful intentions at all, as he promptly replied in the same, oddly comforting voice. \
**"My name is Sóvis, the Guardian of the Temple of Vestia. I know that this is tough and mysterious, but allow me to help you and guide you through this."** \
I felt my breath become more unstable as I tried my best to formulate my next words. The dizziness that had faded before, slowly made its return together with the flashbacks and memories of the night before. The knife appeared before my eyes, my thoughts entered overdrive. *I died, haven't I?* I thought to myself, the pain of my dad's blade piercing through my chest making itself present yet again. *B-But, what's this.. then?* \
My vision reduces to a mere blur, and the dizziness and nausea overwhelms me. I fall to the floor, the pain in my left shoulder and my chest causing my entire body to collapse on itself, my left arm returning to the numbness I had felt right after I was hit, right before my mom died in my arms. I heard Sóvis's footsteps come closer, he was coming down the stairs. Having lost sense of what was going on, I tried to cover myself up, my arm covering the top of my head while tears streamed down my cheeks once more, fearing the worst, fearing I would just get killed again.

But with emotions running overtime once more, the footsteps stop, and the creaking of the stairs immediately made it clear to me that Sóvis sat down. I felt his warm, gentle hand radiate its heat on my back, slowly moving towards my right shoulder and resting it there as he whispered quietly and carefully to me. \
**"Whatever you're seeing, Spark, it's behind you. I promise you it will and cannot happen again."** \

Emotions continued to ravage through my head, and tears streamed out of my eyes without an end in sight. Every memory, every sensation I had felt, every image that I had seen, they all played back to me again and again, causing me to go through the same pain and misery I went through the night before. Without realising, and with my thoughts overwhelmed, I could faintly feel Sóvis move his hand from my right shoulder to my left, beginning to give a gentle massage to where I was struck with my dad's blade not even a day ago. \
My tears immediately stopped, and I felt the numbness in my shoulder and arm begin to dissipate while his massage continued, wondering if any of these experiences were real at all, and if this wasn't a vivid, lucid dream. 

**"I'm no magician"** Sóvis begins, while my mind finally begins to calm itself down again, **"But this should help you just enough, Spark."**

*Spark.. Spark..* I mumbled to myself, still ticked off and feeling in disbelief that someone other than my mom knew of that nickname, and having calmed down enough for my mind and body to become stable again, I take a deep breath, eager to get the answers to the questions I had since I had woken up. 

*"S-Sóvis.."* I begin, *"Where.. Where did you learn the name.. Sparkle..? Only mom called me that.."*

**"Your name has been Spark from the very start, hasn't it?"** Sóvis replied with a soothing and calming voice, causing my doubts to stir through my mind even further. I desperately tried to remember my name, but every trail that I found led me back to the name *Spark*, and I couldn't understand why, I couldn't understand why my memories were failing me, betraying me. Once more, the memories chonologically led up to the moment my dad's blade pierced through my chest. \
Feeling the sharp, stinging pain once more, I forced myself to keep quiet, tears beginning to roll down my cheeks while my head rested against the wall. Sóvis's hand returned to my shoulder, the warm massage resuming while the pain gradually receded. The memories kept flashing before my eyes, and no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't find a way to snap out of it. I was begging for my head to let go of this trauma, for my mind to finally let go and forget, but in this very moment, all I feared was that these thoughts would haunt me for the rest of my remaining life, for al those years I was now granted another chance at.

**"Spark.."** I heard Sóvis whisper beside me, as I looked to my right. But instead of meeting his ominous, emotionless white mask, I could see his face, his warm and genuine smile and caring expression that were complemented by his curly hair and beard. **"I'll carry you to Vestia, don't worry about the how's or why's, but I know how tough it is for you in this moment."** \
He carefully guided me to stand up, and effortlessly lifted me up in his arms. Our heights didn't differ exceptionally much, yet I felt so small in his arms, yet so safe. The smile remained on his face, a smile with genuine love, with genuine care. Even if he still seemed like a stranger to me, it wasn't the other way around. Despite a voice in my mind telling me to run and leave everything behind while I could, the other voice told me to embrace and accept it. As much as I wished I could bring mom and Bryan along, I knew I shouldn't let this miracle go to waste.

Without any effort, Sóvis picked up the guitar near the front door and guided us both outside, making our way to Vestia, guiding me to my new home.

## EXPOSURE // SPARK
### You Only Live Twice
*// POV: Spark*

Head down, ice cold, I sat down on the bench just outside the library near the Temple. Every single day had flown by like this, and both Marten and Sóvis were working overtime to help me settle and calm down at the Temple, but to no avail. The weather today wasn't great, but it wasn't anything out of the ordinary for this season. Cloudy weather, a looming threat of rain, but if anything, it aligned perfectly with how I was doing physically and mentally. Continuously on the edge, constantly about to break down, and when I do finally crack, so do the skies.

From the inner pocket of the jacket I received from Snow, I take a packet of cigarettes, one that I was initially hesitant to get into, but something that I didn't expect to work for me the way it does. It had helped me calm down whenever my brain was beginning to betray me, and while Marten and Sóvis tried their best to work out a reason and solution as to why my memories continued to haunt me, they served as a means to suppress and ease those thoughts for the time being. Taking a cigarette out of the box, I put it back into my pocket and take a lighter, and slowly light the cigarette that I had now put between my lips. With a quiet *click*, a flame appears, slowly burning away the paper roll and setting the tobacco filling ablaze. With a slight puff, the cigarette begins to breathe and glow as I put the lighter back into my pocket, making a start on finishing my second cig of the day.

After a few seconds, it was beginning to drizzle. The clouds were finally showing their true colours and gradually, the rain was beginning to fall. Zipping up my jacket, I look to the sky, the feint hint of blue from the sky was completely washed away by the ever-darkening clouds. *"I should maybe head back inside after this.."* I mumbled to myself, looking around the street to see various others open their umbrellas. But even watching the others walk past and enjoy their time, a smile couldn't appear on my face, it simply refused to.

**"Spark..!"** I suddenly heard from afar, and I frantically look around to find where the voice had come from. **"O-Oh.. here you are.."** I heard the voice near me, recognising it as Winter's. **"S-Sóvis.. wanted me to.. check..-"** She stammered, breathing heavily as I now realised she had come from the other end of the library. Her hands were resting on the bench as she caught her breath, but before I could even ask what Sóvis needed me for, she already interrupted me. **"I.. didn't know you smoked, Spark.."** \
Shaking my head, I face her glimmering but exhausted eyes, finding myself unable to reply. Deflated, I move my head back to face the ground, my cigarette burning away between my fingertips as I slowly feel the memories of my death fill up my mind again, something I desperately tried to suppress. *"It's.."* I begin, struggling to find the words while emotions suddenly start to pick up, *"C-complicated.. Winter.. S-Sorry.."* \
Without a second thought, Winter sat down next to me, her hand gently resting on my lap while I took another puff of the cigarette, desperately trying to suppress and keep the haunting memories away as much as she could. *"Sóvis said it'd.. help.. my mind."* I stammered, my voice beginning to shake and tremble. *"It can't hurt me, I felt like.. trying.. it out.."* I kept my eyes on the floor, keeping my bleak face away from Winter, not wanting her to see me the way I was right now. My left arm was wrapped around my stomach, while my right hand was furiously tapping against my leg out of anxiety. The longer I stared at the monotone, grey tiles before me, the quicker I started to recognise dad's blade, the quicker the snippets of the horrible night of my death began to repeat once more. I sniffed loudly, my eyes fixated and stunlocked on the tiles. I couldn't look away anymore, and while my mind betrayed me, my body followed, and I felt an ice cold surge rush through my body. Tears were beginning to stream down my cheeks uncontrollably, anxiety was rushing through my veins, and as much as I had wished for the cigarette to help me numb down the thoughts, it failed on me, and I dropped it to the floor without much more care. My hands flung to my face, hiding the visions that displayed themselves on the tiles as I felt the rain begin to fall, the clouds cracking open while my emotions did too. Everything now snowballed at once, everything got to me at once, a feeling I had tried to suppress, but had gone through so many times before. *"It's unfair..!"* I sobbed through my hands, slowly letting them go off my face again as I stared before me, my vision blurry with tears in my eyes. *"I want to forget, I want to forget!"* 

But my anxiety was cut short, as a feeling that had never happened during this routine before suddenly put a stop to every single emotion I was feeling. Winter had wrapped her arms around my left arm, and her head was now resting in my shoulder, holding me tightly in hopes to calm me down. Her ears were brushing my wet cheeks, tickling me slightly, causing every sort of emotion at once to suddenly fire out in every direction. The visions had gone away, but none returned in their place. I was stunlocked, in total awe and surprise at this strange feeling I was going through. *"W-Winter..-"* \
**"I'm here, Spark."** She replied to me without a second thought, carefully lifting her head out of my shoulder again staring deeply at my troubled face with a warm, heartfelt smile. Her glimmering eyes met my shaky ones, as words refused to form for me. Struggling to breathe, unable to find control over myself as my mind couldn't make sense of what was going on right now. **"I'll always be here."** She continued, her arms letting go of mine, but instead opening wide, inviting me for a hug. Without realising, the rain had already stopped, and the clouds were beginning to break apart, revealing the feint, unique blue sky that gave the planet its one-of-a-kind feel. But while my mind failed to understand, my body leaned forward by itself, resting against Winter's chest as every emotion that was held back by me began to flush away, tears beginning to pick up and stream down again. **"It may sound like I'm just repeating what Sóvis always says.."** She began, her arms wrapping around my back as my emotions reached their peak, and slowly began to settle down all the way as I calmed down in Winter's arms. I sniffed, letting her know that I was listening and still here, as she continued, successfully having calmed me down, something that neither Marten, Sóvis, nor myself, had ever been able to achieve. 

**"But it's all temporary, it'll all get better again. It takes time, but I'll hold your hand through it all, Spark, I promise."**
