# TEMP - Maria x Umbrella spinoff
It had been forever since her feet had touched the soil of the planet. Time had lost all meaning as it flew by for her, her luminescent hands exhausted from the continuous weaving of fabric, her ears deaf from all the voices she had listened to after all this time. She hadn't been alone, continuous company from Polaris and Nora reminded her that even in the void of it all, there were more people that listened to her. Even if they didn't carry the weight of the universe on their shoulders like she herself did, their burden wasn't entirely absent either. Polaris remained the Archiver, Nora remained the Keeper of Death, and Maria remained the Cosmic Weaver. Forever present, forever prominent in the cosmos. \
**"Worn."** She simply muttered under her breath as her first few steps on the turmoiled grass were careful, her dress soon following and brushing on the sprouts of grass, her halo idly levitating behind her. The sea of golden threads evaporated behind her as she approached the figure that stood before her. Crystals surrounded the majority of his limbs, and the umbrella-like item he was holding was pinned into the damp soil beside him. Indeed, he seemed worn out. She squinted her eyes, a distant but warm smile on her face as she stood behind the figure to his left, her luminescent purple hands held idle at her waist as their iridescence spread all the way up her arms to her shoulders, an intricate pattern ending at her shoulder blades, surrounding a mark on her back that was identical to the teardrop-shaped halo levitating behind her back. **"I've seen and felt the disruptions."** She began, smiling wider as she blinked slowly, continuously staring at the figure's back. **"What battle did you orchestrate here?"** \
The man turned around, grabbing the umbrella he had used to fight, with it crystallising almost immediately and giving off a purple glow. *“…I believe you’d call him friend. If higher beings call each other something like that.“* His expression was neutral, emotionless as he muttered those words. As if all the life was sucked from him. *“I looked up to him. I could’ve never hoped to beat him. And now that I fought against him… I knew that the Connector wasn’t the man I originally had looked up to.“* \
Maria smiled distantly, and shook her head slowly as she once more blinked slowly, taking another step closer to the crystallising man before her. **"Don't take me for a God."** She smiled innocently, the strings revolving and curling around her arms proving otherwise, but even so, she insisted for the lack of honorifics. **"We may have known a different Connector in our lifetimes. I have not had the chance to speak to him often."** She continued, the smile remaining on her face as her bright purple hand rested on the figure's shoulder, offering him a sense of comfort in whatever way possible while the golden sparkles now froze in place around her hand. **"Say, Umbrella, what was Nevo like before his Ascension?"** \
*“A simple yet strong man, a swordsman like nearly no other. I only knew one man that could hold a candle to him.“* Umbrella brushed off Maria‘s hand as he walked forward, looking up into the sky as the first raindrops started trickling down from the dark clouds above, slowly starting to soak him. *“You’ve talked to him more than you might’ve thought, Maria.“* Umbrella smiled as he turned his head back slightly, suddenly mentioning her by name. Purple liquid started to run down his cheeks from his eyes that gave off an even more violent purple glow than the crystals on his body or on his weapon, making it look like Umbrella was crying. *“We were good friends. Udyr helped him find his humanity, even if he was a robot. It was a shame that he gave up this new-found humanity just to save us all, even though I know he did the right thing.“* He looked up to the sky once more. *“He might’ve been defeated by me just now, but I know for a fact he isn’t dead. And I know he’ll come back to tell me I did a good job.“* Sighing, he shook his head and stuck his umbrella down into the soil again. \
**"As the Connector, he oversees and controls multiple realities at once, maintaining their interwoven connection between each and every one of them, and maintaining their balance."** Maria smiled back, watching the crystallised, weaponised umbrella he pulled from the soil be pushed back into it once more with gentle force. **"It's beyond my grasp, as impossible as that may sound."** She began, holding out her hand as fabric from the sky formed and lingered above her hand. **"It's been woven, its cries have been heard, and its pleas have been answered by natural means."** With her smile widening, the fabric levitated above her bright purple hand, and even though Umbrella couldn't decipher what story the fabric told, it was still enough to create a reaction on his crystallised face. The sparkles continued to swirl around her hands, and as the rain continued to pour down, puddles formed into the grass beneath them, reflecting the purple glow of her halo and the glow of his shimmering liquid. **"But as the Connector, I'm sure another version of himself has already made his way here. It's only a matter of time."** \
*“Of course. He’s obviously got a big task at hand with being the connector.“* Umbrella turned around and walked towards Maria, leaving his weapon in the soil. *“If you get the time, talk to him. Please make sure that he doesn’t forget, at heart, he’s still Nevo.“* Umbrella reached towards the fabric and weirdly enough managed to grab ahold of it, crystallising it. *“Show him those strings as well. We’ve got plans to turn this ship back around.“* He smiled as he gave Maria a pat on the shoulder and walked past her. *“We’ll bring Nevo back and defeat fate. If we can get him to merge all these realities into one and defeat Crono just once, all is well.“* He chuckled at his own words, putting a hand on his forehead. *"Man, I sound crazy with the things we plan to achieve… But I guess we’ll do anything to bring back an old friend.“* \
Maria smiled, her eyes closing for a moment after she inspected the intricate patterns of the dark crystals that had formed on the fabric, forever marking it even after it had been forever completed. Nodding slowly, the halo behind her back shimmered as it continued to levitate freely in the air, anchored behind her back. Inhaling slowly and softly through her nose, the crystallised fabric began to levitate above her iridescent purple hands, their purple glow reflecting and shining on the crystals before it began to evaporate in the air, joining the endless sea of golden strings and woven fabric in the endless void in which she weaved all pleas there were to please. **"I'm confident I won't be there to watch you defeat Crono, for all I know, it may not even be this reality that it will be achieved in."** Maria smiled, before reopening her eyes and turning around to face Umbrella's back once more, the multicoloured iridescence in her eyes shimmering brightly as her hands returned to rest idle at her waist. **"But I will live along with that battle in your minds and hearts, and through the fabric will I learn the story, and through Polaris will I see it unfold."** Her smile widened as she continued to speak. **"Once Nevo, from whichever reality it may be, reunites with ours, I will present him the fabric."** She smiled warmly, the sparkles surrounding her hands intensifying as she stood steadfast in place in the soaking rain, seemingly unfazed and untouched by the water that was forming beneath her feet. After all, she stood above it, not a single piece of clothing touched by the water. **"The wind shall blow in your favour, Umbrella, whenever that shall be."**


