# TEMP - Nevo x Polaris encounter
Stepping back and waving into the empty room, the white hallway from before greeted Nevo again as he gently closed the door behind him. Stretching and letting out a sigh, he walked back from where he had come from, wandering through the hallway and randomly opening doors left and right out of curiosity. Some of them were empty, some of them had scientists that gave Nevo a weird look, some of them had a few machines standing in the room which didn’t make sense to him in the first place. But continuing down the hall into the Western Wing, the series of doors ended to his left, and a long, monotone white wall stretched out into the distance. Curious to see what was behind it, he twisted the knob on the last door to his left, pushing it forward and opening it. In an instant, an almost endless library of books, papers, and locked drawers was revealed to him, stretching out infinitely into the distance, giving him doubts whether or not it actually fitted into this wing at all. Shaking his head, he decided not to dive into the endless abyss of papers just yet, and moved back one door, trying to twist the knob in a similar fashion, finding it a bit harder than usual to do so. The wooden door was intricately designed, making it stand out from the others and therefore making Nevo more curious to figure out what was behind it. Putting a bit more force into twisting the doorknob, a crunch resounded through the hallway, as he pushed the door that was locked before slowly open. 

*// A person is waiting at your door, Polaris. Their silhouette matches that of Project NERVE’s subject. They are actively attempting to enter your office. Course of action? //* \
**“Assertive as ever.”** Polaris smiled, the crunch of the door pushing forward now echoing through the walls of her office too. **“Be gentle with old doors, Nevo.”** She giggled, her eyes remaining closed, facing the wall to Nevo’s right, seemingly gazing to nowhere particular as 2C’s holographic display before her was simply sieving through thousands of forms of data at incredible speeds. **“But considering you’re already in, make yourself welcome.”** She continued, the warm and wide smile remaining on her face as her closed eyes drifted towards the direction Nevo’s footsteps came from. 

Nevo’s voice suddenly rang out next to Polaris, having moved a lot quicker than she had initially thought. *“So you know my name? Interesting, are you like an overseer?”* He crouched down and looked at her, seeing that her eyes were closed. Moving his gaze up at the display, Nevo scanned through the different data at lightning speed, his lime green eyes lighting up momentarily. The information wasn’t really anything helpful to him, so he disregarded it after staring at it for a few seconds. **“I know more about you than you think.”** Polaris smiled back, seemingly unfazed by the fact that Nevo was now suddenly standing beside her. Her head tilted slightly to the side, her palms remaining flat on the desk before her. **“I presume you’ve gone a door further to peek into the archives too, have you not?”** She asked Nevo, the smile remaining on her face, giving him the impression that despite being an overseer of everything, she was in fact blind.

*“Only peeked, honestly. I’m too lazy to go through things I have no interest in.”* Nevo shrugged and walked through the room, taking in the different decorations. Quite a lot of trees reminding him of autumn, the colour orange being mainly present in the room. Looking straight up, he saw the massive chandelier above him, wondering for just a second how much that thing even costs. *“Hmm.. what's your name, autumn lady?”* He smiled as he turned back to face Polaris. The room gave him a sense of comfort. **“"Autumn lady.." You flatter me.”** Polaris giggled back, her gaze following that of Nevo, now facing the chandelier as well. **“Curious as ever, Nevo. You’re speaking with Polaris. SOLARdawn’s project lead and sole archiver.”** She smiled back, her left eye opening to reveal a slightly luminescent and pink iris to Nevo. **“It’s been a while since you last set foot here. What’s brought you back?”** She asked, now looking directly into Nevo’s lime eyes with her hands held together.
  
Nevo sighed and simply sat down on the carpet under him, more comfortable on the ground than on a chair seemingly. *“Nostalgia’s a strong factor. I was saved here after all, but I’m sure you know about that already as well, considering the archive keeps that kinda stuff.”* He leaned back and looked around the room, taking in the entire autumn-like vibe, smiling warmly. *“How long have you been here? I don’t think I’ve ever seen you around here.”* \
Polaris nodded accordingly, her warm smile remaining on her face as she saw Nevo take in the atmosphere of the cosily designed room. **“I’ve not been around you physically for all these years.”** She said, her head tilting once more as she continued to look at Nevo. **“And yet it’s already been about twenty years that I’ve worked here. But in my role as archiver, I’m approaching my tenth year.”**

Nodding, Nevo jumped back up, walking over to Polaris and patting her shoulder. *“Thanks for the good work, then. Must be tough around here.”* He chuckled and then slowly went back to the door, opening it slightly. *“Sorry about the door, by the way. You must know just how curious I am, after all.”* \
**“It’s withstood tougher impacts, all is well.”** Polaris smiled back, her left eye closing once more as her hand drifted to 2C, gently resting it on top of it as its display on the left resumed with sieving through endless lines of data once more. **“2C and Francis will be keeping in touch with you while you’re here. After all, they share duties as project leads as well.”** She continued, the warm smile remaining on her face now that Nevo stood in the doorframe. **“But in case you need something specific, you know where to find me, Nevo. And please, knock next time, you’ll find that the old door sounds pretty pleasant, too.”** \
*“Will keep that in mind for next time. I’ll see you around, Polaris.”* He gave her one last bright smile and showed a peace sign before disappearing in the hallway again, slowly closing the door behind him.
