# GREAT ESCAPE - Drafts
## Character Introduction: Charlotte
*"Charlotte Floquet? You are up next, please come forward."* \
The atmosphere in the room was uneasy, and with a deep, deflated sigh, she complied and sat up from her seat in the waiting room. Just two doors further, her doctor was waiting for her, and with her hand gripped tightly on her upper left arm, she suppressed the stinging pain she felt whenever she moved it. It belonged to the remains of a stab wound, and despite having been treated at the ER in the same night she attained it, the pain did not subside since. 

Having shaken the doctor's hand, he immediately got to work from the very moment she sat down on the bed, wasting no time in treating the wound when necessary. But wanting to keep the room from falling silent, questions arose. Questions that she had been avoiding for so long. \
*"Ms. Floquet, this wound.. that's not an accident."* Her doctor asked her with a look of concern on his face. Their eyes met for a moment, before Charlotte averted hers, and her doctor resumed inspecting and treating the wound. **"I know."** She sighed, her ears folding to the sides, betraying her emotions as she did her best to keep her breathing steady with each sting of pain from the careful prying and treating of her wound. Her right hand was shaking, and her legs were bouncing on the floor from the stress. **"It's.. complicated, Dr. Staveren.."** \
*"Hard to explain? Try it in your native tongue, maybe it'll help carry the message..-"* \
**"Dat wäert net."** Charlotte interrupted her doctor, which caught him off guard for a moment, too. Before long, he continued to treat and disinfect the wound, but in due time, Charlotte cycled her breaths and began to explain the source of the wound that she had attained. **"Awer.. well, I've gotten caught up in a fight."** \
Her doctor kept his focus on the wound for another moment, and upon the sound of Charlotte gritting her teeth upon the application of disinfection alcohol, his focus shifted to the story that she was trying to tell. *"You don't seem the type to pick fights.."* He replied innocently. \
**"Happens more than you'd expect. Easy when you're.."** She paused for a moment, her ears perking upright, before falling down to the sides once more. **"An easy target.."** \
*"You're only sixteen years old, Ms. Floquet, isn't this a little..-"* \
**"Had I not stood my ground, I would be in the hospital instead of having this conversation with you here."** She interrupted him with a stern voice, her brows furrowing. 

Silence filled the room as Dr. Staveren continued to work in silence to treat Charlotte's wound. \
**"Sorry. I got a little.."** \
*"No, Charlotte."* Her doctor now interrupted her, and wrapping a single sheet of bandage around the sealed wound, he looked her straight in the eyes. *"I fully understand. But promise me one thing before I return you home."* \
Charlotte's eyes opened wide. \
*"I don't want any of your enemies in my doctor's office. I don't want your name heard in my office with bad intentions. Please, promise me this one thing."*

---
The knife clattered against the tiled floor, blood spilling in all directions as the blade bounced upwards, and with a lifeless expression, she dropped the body to the floor, blood spilling from their back as their life had already left long ago. **"Sorry, Doctor."** She said with an empty smile, watching the white hoodie slowly turn a deep, crimson red, dyed in the blood from wearer that had just died. With a deep sigh, she turned into the other direction, her own knife sheathed once more on the clasp that was fitted snugly at her waist. **"I broke that promise."** \
With a deep sigh, she stared at the lifeless body for another minute or two, watching the crimson spot of blood on the white hoodie grow larger as the puddle of blood beneath them followed suit, soaking the tiled floor and staining it in due time. **"Marvin, wasn't it?"** She snickered, kicking against the lifeless body, blood getting on the soles of her pitch-black shoes. **"Top of your class.. Destined to become a top pharmacist.."** She continued, moving forwards to stand before what once was Marvin's head. Her brows furrowed, and in a sudden motion, a strong kick against the lifeless body created ripples in the puddle of blood beneath it. **"Shame. What a shame. Feeding off the weak for your own success. You were scum from the very start, weren't you?"** She chuckled, turning around once more as she picked the knife she had dropped back up from the floor, and stabbing it deeply into the back of Marvin's body, she grinned widely before walking forwards, back out of the pitch-black room that she stood within. **"Unfortunately for you, I was not weak."**

### Highlights / Drafts:
- While having a very French surname ‒ *"Floquet"* ‒ Charlotte is not French at **all**. Her distant family originates from France, but she's been born in Lëtzebuerg (Benelux) and has stayed there for most of her life. 
- Despite being born in Lëtzebuerg ‒ which is a sovereign nation in the Benelux cluster ‒ Charlotte does not speak a single word of **Dutch**, even though this is the most predominant language in this cluster of nations, spoken in The Netherlands and Flanders. Additionally, she studied in The Netherlands, but only picked up common phrases and never learned the language more properly.
- Charlotte is a **Vulpine**, which is a race that originates from Lúniks, and almost exclusively appears there. Despite so, she was born in Lëtzebuerg to a human father and Vulpine mother. Her father is originally from *Germany*, while her mother is *Belgian*, with family roots tracing back to *Máneá* and *France*. It left her as the odd one out in a nation that was predominantly human, which made her an easy target for being bullied, and an easy target for racism. In the end, this fueled her revenge against **Marvin Scheitler**, who was a leading figure in directing hate and racism towards Charlotte in her college years.
- Back in school, Charlotte was renowned for her *precision* in various arts subjects, being frequently told that she had an eye for detail, and that she should use it in work that required a high amount of precision, such as *architecture*, *chemistry*, or something in the *mechanical*/*technological* field. Instead, Charlotte used her precision on the shooting range, and despite being told to pick up professional shooting as a sport, it forever remained on the table, and her shots soon became shots fired from weaponry.
- The first victim of hers ‒ which was the force that set the ball rolling into the endless, downwards spiral of the assassination circuit ‒ was her very own father, *Florenz Floquet*. At just the age of **17**, it was a kitchen knife that she had picked up from the kitchen drawer in secret after the 14th "incident", which was how she referred to an argument or act of violence from her father onto her mother. Despite being wealthy, her father was anything but nicely, the criminal circuit of Duisburg having gotten to his head and ultimately leading to him falling into a spiral of corruption. It were precisely those troubles that he rubbed off onto Charlotte's mother, *Linde Vócklaz*, which soon spiralled into domestic violence. Charlotte kept count of each of these "incidents", their severity increasing each time, and at exactly **01:52**, the month and year that her parents had married in, death divorced them, carried out by their very own daughter. **"Behandelt dech richteg.** (*Treats you right*)**"**, she had said upon dropping the knife on the bedroom floor. Not long thereafter, she fled the house and moved in together with a friend she had made at her college, but ultimately, it traced back to her and she was soon forced to not only drop out of college, but remain on the run forever. A feat she not only accomplished with success, but one that was noted by several hitmen. And within a matter of weeks, she was soon back in the shadows.

## Cottbuser Cult - Draft
Mentioned in [[GREAT ESCAPE#Massy-Palaiseau, 23 15]] is the **Cottbuser cult**, of which Charlotte's *father* was a part of before his murder. 
### Zooming out
The **UGHR**, *"Union for Global Human Rights"*, originated in Brandenburg, Germany, and is an organisation that claims to "Stand for human rights," promising to erase any sort of discrimination or imparities to not just residents of Germany, but throughout all of Earth. Despite being labelled as a union that stands for human rights, no matter where or when anyone might be residing, it is actually more globally known as the **"Cottbuser Cult"** for doing the exact opposite, instead discriminating others as a means of providing aid and support for those it "deems suitable."
### Brief history
Being founded in **1993**, in the gradually developing city of **Cottbus**, *Germany*, the then-branded **"UHR"** foundation provided residents of Cottbus, and eventually all of Brandenburg and Berlin, with an opportunity to still provide labour to any person that may be impaired by any means. With a widely positive reception throughout Brandenburg, it expanded throughout the rest of old Eastern Germany in **1998**, before becoming a national foundation in **2002**, providing aid to any German resident where necessary.
### The spiral downwards
Upon the settlement of Luniks from **2005** onwards, it didn't take until **2027** before the first settlers returned to Earth, and with the different nature in orbit and in the atmosphere of Luniks, it only took one generation for genetic differences to become noticeable, as new races naturally developed. While having become a respected minority on Luniks, and eventually growing into an equally divided and respected race on the neighbouring planet, back on Earth, they were not as easily respected as they might have gotten used to.

Textbook racism and discrimination began to appear, and with the **UGHR** having attained a global status and respective name since **2018**, it began to systematically push residents of Earth forward, making sure to avoid giving opportunities to any "Newer generation race" from Luniks, and in the following decades, systemic isolation and segregation had become the new standard. While Luniks had become the utopia that Earth had longed to be, they instead crippled back down to their century-old roots, creating a dystopia for the newer generations to follow, discriminating them while they knew no different. 

It's here where the term **"Cottbuser Cult"** originates from, using it as a way to refer to the **UGHR** without mentioning the name directly. Violence was to be expected with conflicts between the various Luniksan races and this cult, and especially in the late 2060s, this violence instead led to even harsher living conditions for these various races.
### Painting the picture with Charlotte as the brush
Being born as a Vulpine on Earth to a father that has been part of this cult since long before her birth, it isn't a strange development for her to have developed such a stark amount of hate towards not just her father, but to anyone that treats her in a similar fashion as he did. During her high school and college days, while there were spots of light between the seas of discrimination and isolation, it eventually was that sea that had won over her mind, leading to her own spiral downwards in which she enacted revenge on her father and fellow student **Marvin Scheitler**, killing them both with multiple stabs into their neck, respectively. 
### What's next?
Understanding that from **Chapter 4: Untitled** onwards, Miya and Charlotte meet Miya's boss, who is also a part of this Cottbuser Cult, gradual development in both of their characters is expected, and will undoubtedly *be* developed. The lifelong disgust and hate that has built up within Charlotte since her birth has to be suppressed by herself one way or another, as Miya's boss, who *// Presumably:* immediately treats Charlotte as a lesser human being without skills. Stepping in-between, Miya stands up in favour of Charlotte. *// Does he talk it out with his boss in private? Does he paint a good picture of Charlotte for him, in an attempt to convince him to give her a chance anyway, even if he considers her a "worthless outlier/Vulpine?"*

Over time, during missions, Charlotte will get to see various other Luniksan races while on missions, causing a spark to ignite in her mind. Is she really at home on Earth, even if she'd been born her and lived all her life? \
*// Especially during off-missions, she might see an opportunity to strike a conversation with someone in a café, for example. Maybe topics such as interstellar travel (through the ELE) will come up, which in turn, might cause that ball in Charlotte's mind to roll even quicker. If she's set to make an ultimate decision, will she choose to stand up for New Generation races on Earth, or will she travel to Luniks to finally live her life the way she'd always wanted to?*

## Chapter outline - Drafts
The main plot as it stands right now, is that **Charlotte** is introduced to **Miya** in chapter one, and is then re-introduced to him in chapter two, after which the two decided to form a team together, finding common ground and common goals. \
Through chapters 3-7, the newly-formed duo of Charlotte and Miya finds themselves on two more missions, once attempting to obtain a mission from Miya's contractor: **Omni**, and once through Charlotte's own reliable source: **Ypsilon**. \
Charlotte's race continues to pose an issue in her everyday life, and even after society had gotten accustomed to her Vulpine features back home in Lëtzebuerg, it wasn't a similar case in Washington, SS. Omni is revealed to be a member of the **Cottbuser Cult**, and any plans that had been drawn to receive and execute missions as a duo provided by Omni were immediately discarded following a brawl between Miya and his now-former boss. The two make their leave, and reside in Washington for another day as Charlotte contacts her own trusted source: **Ypsilon**. 

Ypsilon remains a mysterious character throughout the entirety of the story, and even beyond it. They are a character without an identity, yet seemingly know everything all at once. From every direction, Ypsilon is portrayed as a "trustable source" and almost a "mentor" to Charlotte, who had listened to them without second thought ever since she had left Lëtzebuerg after the murder on her own father, and **Marvin Scheitler**. And while Omni wasn't able to provide the duo a mission, and with severed ties between him and Miya, Ypsilon once more proves to be a trustable source and a trustable partner from above: A mission in Oslo awaits them.

The two reach Oslo without much difficulty, and despite the capital of Norway having endured civil unrest (See: [[OSLO REVOLUTION]] / [[DREAMSEEKER - COTV#CALL OF THE VOID - IV]] / *Polaris's flashback*), the city had gradually recovered, but has nowhere near recovered like its neighbouring capital of **Stockholm**. \
*"Liberators from the dark,"* Ypsilon had called it. Miya would become the wings that guarded Charlotte as she'd take the shot with a custom-kitted HR-62. **"Overkill,"** Charlotte had called it, but despite a difficult extraction, the two complete their mission without putting on too much of a show behind the scenes. Their identities remain undercover, and Oslo is freed without a single trace. (*// Polaris does take notice of this, which can be reflected in white glass forming at the former NORCE office, in the form of a beacon.*) 

Following the Oslo mission, it seems as such that the bond between Ypsilon and Charlotte can't be severed as easily as one might think, but in a broad oversight, it becomes clear what Ypsilon's real goal is with Charlotte: Weed out any sort of humanity left in her, until she brings down the world together with herself; Creating a false image of what a Vulpine person *can* do, creating a false narrative, that eventually drives them out of not just Europe, but all of **Earth**. After all, it becomes clear who Ypsilon truly is: Just like Omni, a member of the **Cottbuser Cult**. \
An interlude chapter between missions sees Charlotte and Miya walk through Lëtzebuerg, more specifically—*Kirchberg*—what once was Charlotte's home. The two walk through the various bars, and while Charlotte brings up and shows various pieces of her own youth, as well as her interest in music and presenting the time she spent in bars (*Kirchberger Déifts*) and cafés. \
In one of these cafés, Charlotte's eyes land on a woman who's in a similar situation as herself: Carrying "inhumanity." The woman in question, *Ingrid*, is a Feline woman, who regularly travels between Earth and Luniks herself. Having been in a similar situation as Charlotte, she offers her, as well as Miya, a way to travel to Luniks, where she claims that Charlotte won't be subject to the amount of discrimination that she has had to endure her entire life. Wishing her well, the two exchange contact points, before Charlotte and Miya proceed with their original plan to visit the Grünewald park for the remainder of the day.

Things now get tense. Having stayed in Kirchberg in a hotel for a few more days while waiting for a mission from Ypsilon, Charlotte is invited by them to chat and plan out their next set of missions, but under one condition: Only *she* can be there with Ypsilon. \
*// This marks the first time that Ypsilon reveals themselves in person to Charlotte after all these years. With the gravity of the situation, and the lingering thought of a possible escape to Luniks in her head, Charlotte walks to Parc Lavâl to meet them in person.* \
*// The idea behind this scene? **Charlotte does not know Ypsilon is here in person, and expects that this is a phone call, rather than a one-on-one conversation.*** \
Reaching Parc Lavâl, Charlotte is interrupted as her earpiece jumps to life. Ypsilon presents themselves to Charlotte through the earpiece, mocking her, as well as reciting every single step that she had taken with Miya in their time off in Kirchberg. Charlotte is ticked off, and questions in her mind arise. *"I've seen everything, Charlotte."* Ypsilon smirks. The distant sound of a drone hovers above Charlotte, and begins to tick her off. Looking above, Ypsilon continues to toy with her emotions, and while more drones approach her and linger above her, her ears twitch and scan furiously around her. Overwhelming her with noise and triggers, footsteps dawn in closer to her, and turning around, Charlotte finds herself on the receiving end of a pistol all too familiar to her: A custom-fitted silenced Hammerhead *SP-17*. 

*"Naïve, aren't you?"* Ypsilon grins, decorating the face of a blonde-haired man. Sunglasses covered his deep-green eyes, and it seemed he was overequipped with technology. On his belt, on his chest, and even clipped to his ear were pieces of technology that looked to be in seamless control of the various drones that he kept control over. And through his sunglasses, he kept an eye on Charlotte through every possible angle. *"Believing everything I say, doing everything I ask."* The grin on his face grew wider, and the grip on the SP-17 got tighter. *"Say, Ms. Floquet, when have you last thought for yourself?"*

*// midsection, increases tension between Charlotte and Ypsilon.*

*"You'd be foolish to think I didn't overhear your conversation with Ms. Ingrid, Charlotte."* \
**"And what more have you heard?"** \
Ypsilon grinned widely. *"Everything."* \
Charlotte gritted her teeth, her brows furrowing as the glimmer of the sun reflecting against the picatinny rail on Ypsilon's SP-17 began to irk her, amongst many other things that were piling up rapidly. She scoffed. **"What do you want?"** \
Ypsilon's eyes widened behind the iron sights at the tip of the pistol. *"You, Ms. Floquet. Simple as that."* \
**"If I refuse?"** \
Charlotte's ears twitched as a drone lowered itself to fly behind her, and with her left ear listening to it, her right ear faced directly at Ypsilon right before her. *"Let's not figure out, shall we?"* \
**"What do you want me for, Ypsilon? Why are you doing this?"** /
*"I have all the right to deny you that information."* Ypsilon snickered, his left hand in the air as he shrugged. *"Just pick up your assigned weapon, wait at the assigned location, and fire at the assigned target."* With his finger off the trigger, he circled around him, and one by one, aimed at innocent people walking beyond the curtains of the trees beyond Parc Lavâl. With each person, he whispered a quiet *"bang, bang, bang"* under his breath, switching targets in a circle pattern, before the barrel aimed right between Charlotte's eyes once more. *"One, by, one, weeding out the ugliness this world has to offer. Giving way to the impurity of **your** kind, Ms. Floquet."* His brows furrowed, his eyes fixated on Charlotte's very own. His breathing was calm, and with many drones in the sky, including those out of sight and those with cloaks, it seemed that nothing could daze him in this very moment. The only option for Charlotte was to agree, and admit, and continue, no matter where it'd lead her, whether it was against her morals or not. *"Ms. Floquet."* Ypsilon's eyes opened wide, his eyebrows raised, and his gaze was stern. Charlotte gritted her teeth. *"Checkmate."* \

A deep sigh escaped Charlotte's lips. As much as she'd hated it, she was pushed into a corner by Ypsilon, and with no way for her to break out of this corner unscathed, all that was left for her was to admit defeat, and agree to set sail for whatever it was that Ypsilon wanted her to do. Wherever her next mission would bring her, she could only follow, she could only obey. A marionette hanging by threads commanded by Ypsilon, a person she once trusted, a person she once looked up to for missions, not for being an extension of his desires. \
*"A future for humanity. None for impurity."* Ypsilon grinned. *"I'll await your response, Ms. Floquet."* He smiled widely, lowering his pistol, giving Charlotte the opportunity to walk away freely. *"I trust you'll make the right decision. For I trust you know what happens if you do not."*


### Using titles:
- *"The boy from Cottbus who couldn't."* - A myth from Brandenburg. This encapsulates the story of *"Filip Nowak"*, better known as **"Ypsilon."** Frowned upon and looked down upon, 
- *"A future for humanity. None for impurity."* - **UGHR** presents themselves as the organisation that aids in paving the way for "a future of humanity," providing help to those that need it most. But this slogan and motto is backed up by its second half: "None for impurity." This implies that the **UGHR** only aids the so-called *"pure humanbloods,"* denying access to these services to anyone they deem *"inhuman,"* such as Vulpines, Felines, and so forth. This motto is often recited in a **Cottbuser "Hall of Stasis,"** the most prominent and most sacred hall of the Cottbuser Cult. 