# GREAT ESCAPE
The **Great Escape** is an in-development storyline, following **Charlotte** and **Miya**, whose paths converge.

## Chapter 1: When Curtain's Fall
*// Charlotte, under the disguise of "Emma", one of many security guards at the gala, is asked to cycle her team of three with another team of three guards before the annual toast at the gala she is attending. Navigating through a now-empty hallway towards their designated position, it is in a poorly-lit passageway that she suddenly vanishes from the trio. Now out of sight, she navigates her way to the upper levels of the enormous auditorium, and retrieving her weapon from her holster, a silencer from her other holster across her waist, the weapon is made ready. **"What's for dinner?"** She asks over her earpiece, its channel having been changed to her client's. "Thai." They simply replied. The number of targets in her mind was now sliced in another 100 pieces. **"Srichaphan?"** She asks, reducing the number of targets to one. "A-firm." The earpiece replied, and feeling her ear twitch, she looks upwards to the ceiling. An easy escape is right above her, and an easy target is now before her. A 327 metre pistol shot. **"Easy enough."***
### May 14th 2075, London
### The Benson Gala, 23:10
The Benson Gala, twenty minutes before the show would begin and the yearly toast would take place. Throughout the entire auditorium, an endless sea of small, round tables serving up to five people at once filled the floor, served by another endless stream of waiters, eagerly and professionally listening to whichever demands the attendees would have. *"I'll have a glass of Merlot, thank you very much."* One voice said in the corner of the enormous hall, and at the other end of the table, the request was made for an elegant glass of Moscato instead. Red wine, in contrast to white wine, creating a gap in-between that would be closed by various means of rosé wine, but so far, those bottles would remain unopened. She checked her watch, standing idly yet professionally at the outer edge of the hall, with another two pair of bodyguards standing at both ends of her shoulders. The three made up a pair, but unbeknownst to them, it was the centre piece of this set-up that wasn't like the other bodyguards. Not in the way of her race, although she was decorated by Vulpine features rare to Earth, but in the way of hiding a secret in plain sight. A weapon holstered at her thigh, not to protect the mass of elite residents she was looking upon in the auditorium, but to instead take off the head of one lucky visitor. \
Her Vulpine ear twitched as it picked up the sound of a stomach grumbling to her left, and remaining steadfast in place, her eyes did avert to the side, a faint smile appearing on her face as her so-thought colleague moved his hand to his stomach. *"Look at that."* He chuckled, struggling to maintain his professionalism. *"All that talk of food at the gala is getting even me hungry."* \
He shook his head, and as the minutes continued to tick by, another twitch of her ear alarmed her to regain her focus, its earpiece emitting a quiet static noise. *"Set Gamma-4, cycle with Iota-2. Jonathan leads Austin leads Emma."* Her overseer instructed the three of them, and nodding in unison, the three leaned back away from the wall and back into the main hallway, leaving behind their post as she took one last glance at the crowd before her. It must've been at least three hundred, no, five hundred people enjoying what was probably their most exquisite and exclusive experience of fine dining in their entire lives. Inhaling deeply through her nose, she followed suit behind Austin, who stood a few centimetres taller than herself, although sharing the same build. Leading the trio was Jonathan, who seemed much stronger than the two of them, surely packing enough muscle under his suit to lift up a small hatchback at ease. *"Gamma-4, entering cycle sequence."* He said over his earpiece, hearing it from the man himself and also through her earpiece, and soon after, her eyes left the gala and now faced Austin's back as the three began to press into the much more quiet hallway.

*"Emma, wasn't it?"* Austin asked as he peeked over his shoulder, seeing her ocean-blue eyes light up slightly upon the mention of her name. The three continued to walk towards their next destination, where Iota-2 stood previously, which was at the other end of the auditorium. It was quite a walk for the them, and in hopes to alleviate the odd feeling of pressure, Austin simply picked up a bit of chitchat. A puzzled expression was on his face, as if he struggled to formulate his words. **"Sikovia."** She simply smiled back, reading his mind and reading where he was coming from. The three pressed onwards, reaching the halfway point and meeting Iota-2, who were on their way to the position that her trio had given up just now. A simple salute was given, and no words were spoken, until Austin broke the silence once more a few steps further. *"May I ask?"* He said, smiling slightly and looking at the ears atop of Emma's head, which were impossible to miss, especially with the earpiece clipped to the outer folds of her ears. She simply giggled back. **"You don't see that too often, do you? Especially not here.."** She smiled, continuing to follow and match the pace of Austin and Jonathan before her. His eyes sparkled slightly in awe. *"Definitely not.. you're a first to me.."* He smiled back, turning around once more to face Jonathan's back, and sooner or later, they would reach Iota-2's original position. The only path left for them to take was to go underground for a moment, where the lights were dim or even absent altogether. It led under sewage systems beneath the main entrances, leading past the control room for the camera, audio, and lighting systems. It was the lifeline for the entire gala, the sound systems were controlled here, and when the toast would take place in about nine minutes, the lights would shine exclusively on the person giving one of many toast for that evening at the gala. ***"Nine minutes."*** She thought to herself, her brows furrowing as the three descended beneath the control room. The lights had completely gone at this point, and the only sound that reverberated through the narrow tunnel were the sounds of their combined footsteps. They matched their pace, and a single misstep would alert the remaining two. Inhaling quietly, she looked above her, the tips of her ears brushing narrowly against the low ceiling, before the expected manhole revealed itself in the distance. ***"Twelve steps."*** She calculated, averaging the distance between herself and Johnathan to be exactly twelve steps. Likewise, it was the outline for the assassination plan she had formulated in her head. Step one, eleven left, and watching Johnathan pass the manhole before her, she exhaled quietly through her nose. Step one: Up the manhole. Leaning her hands forwards, she reached for the small handlebar that was on one side of the hole. It'd require her to immediately nail the single swing it would take her to reach the crawlspace the manhole connected to, and missing it by even a fraction would immediately alert Austin and Johnathan before her. ***"One step."*** \
Her fingers gripped around the handlebar, and lunging herself upwards, she was gone in a flash. Landing quietly on the dusty surface in the crawlspace, she did her best to keep herself from making any noise for at least another minute, and to her relief, she heard the combined footsteps of Austin and Johnathan echo off into the distance. A smile appeared on her face as her hand travelled back to her waist, resting it on her holstered pistol. **"Step one complete."** She whispered to herself as her other hand reached for her earpiece on her head, flicking a switch forward to change the received frequency. A sharp jab of static noise caused her ear to twitch. *"Benson Gala catering?"* The voice at the other end of the earpiece asked. **"A-firm. Charlotte moving into position."**
### The Benson Gala, 23:22
Eight minutes remained until a spoon tapping on a glass of champagne would divert all the combined attention and stares to the table in question, but until then, eight minutes remained for her to reach her desired location. A minute flew by as she made her way through the crawlspace, existing through another manhole in the concrete flooring in the storage section of the gala's restaurant. To her relief, it was empty, and dusting off her clothing after emerging from the small trapdoor. Despite the storage room being empty, however, her ears could easily pick up the buzzing noise of various machinery in the kitchen behind the wall, and the amount of steps tapping against the floor beneath the feet of the various chefs told her that there were at least twenty people in the kitchen alone. It would only take one of them to enter the storage room to immediately reveal her position, revealing her disconnection from the rest of Gamma-4, which would immediately alarm the entire gala at once. With seven minutes left on the clock, it was no time to doubt. Her path had been laid out before her, and the only option laid out before her was to follow it. 

With her left hand pocketed, she held it against the silencer holstered on her left thigh, which would be the last piece of the puzzle that would complete the pistol that was strapped against her right thigh. Her right hand was resting against the doorknob that would lead out of the storage room that she still stood within. Her ears twitched as she picked up the various sounds from the kitchen, but focusing on the sounds from the hallway she was about to emerge into, only the ambience of the ventilation units echoed through the hallways. Six minutes remained, and quietly twisting the knob, she pushed forward, into the hallway, to ultimate guide herself upwards to the balconies above the gala's auditorium.

Once more twisting the knob of a door, she entered a balcony at the very top of the auditorium. The lights were off, and it seemed to have been abandoned for many months before this point. Dust lingered in the room, coating the carpet beneath her feet in a thin layer of grey, and tip-toeing forward, she made sure to keep the amount of footprints she left behind minimal. Taking a deep breath, she squinted her eyes as the rough air from the dust found its way into her nostrils, and shaking her head, she pressed a finger against the earpiece clipped to her ear. **"Benson Gala catering. What's for dinner?"** She asked in a monotone voice, slightly deeper than her natural voice as her brows furrowed once more the closer she stepped to the tinted window at the edge of the balcony. Her index and middle fingers kept the earpiece in place as she glanced at the enormous amount of people in the auditorium beneath her. One minute remained on the clock, and a static in her earpiece kept her on her guard as her hands travelled to her waist, retrieving the pistol from her right holster and its complementary silencer from her left. *"Good evening. We're having Thai."* The voice at the other end of the earpiece replied, belonging to an older man, she presumed. In her head, the number of potential targets just got reduced to 1% of the total amount of attendees, and taking one more look at the crowd, her eyes fixated on a single, middle-aged man in a tan-coloured suit. He seemed to fit the description like a glove. **"Srichaphan? What curry?"** She asked, twisting the silencer over the muzzle of her pistol. An *SP17*, built by *Hammerhead* in Luniks's Vestia, imported locally through the German government to end up on the black markets of rural Nancy in France, where ultimately, it'd end up in her right hand in this very moment. Fast, nimble, but powerful and especially lightweight. It was the perfect weapon to carry concealed, and for this mission, it was the perfect weapon to crash the party that was about to take place. *"Green curry."* The raspy voice replied, and training her weapon on the same man that she had been eyeing for the past thirty seconds, her finger rested on the trigger, her palm tightly around the grip. **"A-firm."** She replied in a stern voice, her brows furrowing as her ears perked up right upon hearing the sound of a spoon tapping against an empty glass of champagne. The clock struck **23:30**, and as soon as it did, the lights in the auditorium dimmed and all gazes now faced the person at the very centre who was standing on his chair, addressing the enormous crowd. *"Thank you, thank you!"* He spoke, and instead of listening to what he had to say, she instead pressed her finger deeper against the trigger, pushing it down further as her target's head became harder to see in the distant. **"Somchai Srichaphan."** She whispered to herself, her ears folding down on her head as she focused on the trigger, steadying her breath, and steadying her aim, freezing it in place. **"Easy enough."**
### Benson Gala, 23:31
The crowd erupted, but not in a cheer, but rather in distress. The spotlight remained on the single table where the toast was being given, but the gazes averted to the collapsed man in a tan suit at the far edge of the auditorium. Blood seeped from his head, and ejecting the empty shell that had been loaded in the chamber of her SP17, the next one in the magazine loaded. It wasn't necessary for her just yet, but it was a means of safety. Her pistol remained tightly in her hand while her other hand moved to the earpiece clipped to her ear. **"Benson Gala catering. Dinner is served."** She smiled, pushing the door towards the balcony open to quickly make an exit through the fire escape route. Fully aware that there were no surveillance cameras along the route, she was able to take her time and blend in with the surroundings once more. *"Excellent work, Charlotte."* The voice at the other end of the earpiece replied to her, and a small jab of static noise terminated the connection between them and herself as she continued to slowly walk down the endless sea of stairs downwards. Right now, she was all by herself, but that was fine, she preferred working alone. 

Reaching the lower floors of the enormous auditorium and its surrounding halls, the voices and cries of despair increased in volume the closer she came to the site of the murder that she had orchestrated. Her ears stood upright and twitched into every direction, following the endless stream of people fleeing the main hall towards the outside of the building, fearing for their lives, fearing that they could be next. ***"As always.."*** She sighed to herself, stopping and pausing in place as she adjusted her suit, twirling her wrists afterwards to loosen them up. A disguise would be useless, her ears would poke out above a crowd and leave her immediately recognised, especially in a society where these "inhuman" features were rare. With brows furrowed, she stood before the door that led back into the main halls where masses of people were still panicking behind. It had to be a split second decision. Either she'd take the risky road through the basement and parking lot, or she'd attempt to blend in the crowd as surveillance once more. Either decision would bring a risk, but in this case, blending in would likely be the one with the least worries.

*// A reasonable explanation for Charlotte's "race" being considered a minority on Earth is most likely because of a certain gene that only became dominant on Lúniks. Because of this, it became more prominent throughout the planet there, with the exceptions of Náhrekv and Emyria, and only through migration did this gene make a presence back on Earth, albeit in much smaller quantities. Whereas one in ten people may have this "Leremkov gene" on Lúniks, it's only about one in a thousand on Earth.*
### Benson Gala, 00:16
Forty-six minutes had passed since the 6.17mm shell had pierced cleanly through her target's head, and by now, the endless crowd had fled and left the building, making it so the only people still under the ceiling being the London police force, medical staff, and the security guards, including herself. She sighed deeply. In hindsight, she was certain is wasn't the smartest decision to make, and instead she had easily envisioned herself blending in with the stream of panic, finding a way to exit that way, but still wearing the harness beneath her suit, and with the earpiece still clipped to her ear, she remained a security guard. Visually, at least, but that would give her an opportunity to leave through another means instead: The designated backdoor. \
Taking a deep breath, she let her body return to rest for a moment, and exhaling deeply and slowly through her lips, she opened the emergency exit back into the main hallway, looking around to see if there were any things out of the ordinary. To her surprise, apart from yellow tape covering up the entrance to the auditorium, no other security guards or police forces could be seen in the near distance. Mimicking the motion of tapping her earpiece to give the impression she was giving intel to the rest of her team, she closed the door behind her and walked towards the nearest security backdoor. 

*"Emma Sikovia?"* A security guard at the backdoor interrupted her, recognising her from a distance, and with twitching ears from annoyance, she halted. *"Gamma-4 reported you missing, what happened?"* He continued, refusing to move the arm that was held before Charlotte, denying her an exit. **"I was told to clear through emergency exits after the shooting."** Charlotte replied professionally, but deep in her mind, she sighed deeply, annoyance beginning to creep up in her bloodstream as her ears twitched once more. **"All fire exists are declared free of people, was my earpiece broken?"** She asked the security guard, who stood just a little below her at a mere 168cm tall. Their gazes met, but the guard seemed to be a little lost in thought, going over all the facts and numbers of the shooting just now, and whether the reports added up to what this "Emma" was currently telling him. Clearing his throat, he broke the stare between Charlotte and himself. *"You are headed outdoors. Please continue your clearance of the emergency outdoor exits."* He said, staring forward endlessly as he excused Charlotte, who nodded quietly in response and promptly stepped out of the security's backdoor, out into the open area outside the Benson Gala. Not even a second after turning the corner after existing through the backdoor, she took the earpiece and unclipped it from her ear, toggling it off before tossing it on the ground beneath her. Having hidden a scarf around the same area she dropped the earpiece in, and soon finding the cloth piled up in a corner, she wrapped the thinly-woven scarf around her mouth and chest, hiding her suit and proceeding to make a run into the dark alleyways of London at night.

### Benson Gala: 00:21
*"Bren, you need to listen to us."* Austin huffed, breathing deeply after ending his sprint towards the security guard that had let Charlotte through just a minute ago. Having recognised her walk out of the door from a distance, he immediately had run towards there in an attempt to halt her, but now being held in place by the same guard himself, he was forced to take a breather before properly explaining the situation to him. With sunglasses before his eyes, the guard's expression remained neutral as his gaze averted to watch Johnathan jog towards the two. *"Listening."* He simply replied, looking back at Austin, who was gradually standing upright again. *"The woman you just let through.. Bren."* He began, inhaling deeply before continuing. *"That Vulpine, she's our first suspect for the murder on Srichaphan."* He continued, now looking straight at Bren, the security guard, with Johnathan matching the gaze. Bren didn't sound convinced. *"Explain?"* \
*"She went missing before the shooting, then hasn't returned since. She just fled with blood on her hands, Bren."* Austin continued, looking intently at the security guard, with full intent to fix what went wrong and not let Charlotte escape this easily from London. Bren raised his eyebrow. *"Sikovia? She claimed her earpiece must've been broken, she cleared the interior emergency exits and is now set to clear those outside. Does this match what you have told her?"* He asked, checking his watch to check the time just in case. *"No. We have not given her a single task. We were set to exchange with Iota-2, that's when she went missing."* Johnathan stepped in, his brows furrowing, soon followed by Bren's. *"Gamma-4, cleared. Go, quick."* He instructed the two men, who nodded and immediately rushed outside into the open darkness of the Benson Gala. Even within the darkness, the two were now set on finding a needle in a haystack. Wherever Emma ‒ the suspected killer ‒ had gone, it was up to them to find her now.

*// (old) It's here where **Miya** makes a first appearance. Both Johnathan and Austin are under the impression that Charlotte (Who they know as Emma Sikovia) had assumed a disguise from the moment she exited the Benson Gala, and as they spot Miya, who is wearing mostly blackened-out clothing complimented by a hood over his face, they choose to confront him upon their initial suspicion. What begins as a contest, turns into a dispute, and unfolds into a nasty bloodbath, is all picked up by Charlotte, who remains in place with her ears swivelled to the back, hearing the action unfold, and instead of continuing towards her safehouse, decides to instead take a closer look.*

*// Miya's interjection takes place here, and in the grand scheme, will eventually be inserted in this chapter, too. Ends with Miya brutally killing Austin by slicing open his throat without much effort necessary. Charlotte picks up of this after initially hearing the the familiar voices of her makeshift team in the Benson Gala, and turning around, she sees the aftermath, with her eyes fixated on Miya standing before the dismembered bodies of the duo with her hand held tightly on her pistol holstered at her waist.*

### Central London: 00:32
**"That scream."** Her mind echoed to her, following the echo of a scream from an all-too familiar voice reverberating through the narrow streets of London. The puddles of water that had been left behind from the rain over the past few days soaked the soles of her heeled shoes, but while her mind was set on marching forwards ‒ away from the Benson Gala ‒ her ears continued to face backwards and pick up the noise of the fight that was taking place in that general direction. She stood steadfast in place, but slowly turned around. Her curiosity had gotten the better of her, and even when dressed in all-black in a blackened-out city, it couldn't hurt to take a gander at the unfolding situation. *"Fucking.. murderer..!"* A familiar voice screamed out as she approached closer to the sound of combat taking place. **"That's Austin's voice."** She thought to herself, tracing the stone walls she was walking along as she approached the same direction she had originally disappeared into after the murder on *Srichaphan*. It had already been an hour ago since she had taken his life, but with the way the screams didn't match up, just what was going on here? She marched forward, her ears perked upright as they picked up every single sound from the direction they faced. The noise of metal clattering, texture stretching and folding as they followed along with the movements of the wearer. Gunshots, the disturbance in the air as a blade swept through it, but ultimately, she arrived just in time to witness the finale of this mysterious battle, and turning around the corner at the end of the alley, she wondered just what Austin was‒

She shouldn't have looked. Her mouth was opened slightly as she tried to call for Austin's name, disregarding the fact that she had betrayed him over an hour ago to carry out the murder on a renowned businessman in the very same evening. But she was cut short before she could even begin to formulate the first letter of his name as his body dropped to the floor without any signs of life. A single figure dressed in nothing more than a black hoodie stood before two bodies without any sort of emotion, neither his face nor his body giving enough explanation to Charlotte as to what was happening, and in an instant, her left hand flung to her mouth and her right hand gripped the pistol that was holstered at her waist. **"Austin's dead. Johnathan's dead."** She thought to herself, whispering quietly to herself as she assessed the situation, even with how ridiculous it seemed to her. She inhaled deeply, struggling to formulate her thoughts, and her right hand slowly pulled out the pistol out of its holster as she remembered she only used a single bullet to take the life of Srichaphan earlier that night. **"14 shots.."** She sighed, closing her eyed for a moment before gathering up the courage to turn the corner once more. 

With her weapon drawn, she turned the corner, facing the mysterious killer that stood just a little outside the Benson Gala in the middle of the two lifeless bodies of what was her makeshift squad. She had no motive, no reason to even confront this person at all. She was risking her own life just aiming down her sights at this person, especially after having witnessed him effortlessly kill Johnathan and Austin just now. But she wanted to know more, she needed to know more, and with her ears facing upright, they now focused on every single sound that this person made as she lowered her pistol and moved her finger off its trigger. They could be anyone. A passer-by protecting their own life? Another hitman that was ordered to do this, maybe even someone else? **"You."** She quietly said, watching the person's face turn into her direction as she lowered her weapon completely, showing no more signs of hostility, fearing her own life, but needing to know more. **"Who are you..?"**

Hearing a feminine voice call out to him, Miya slowly turned to see a woman with vulpine features staring at him, dressed in a black suit. There was a slight amount of fear visible in her face mixed with a glimmer of determination. She had just put down the gun that she was aiming at Miya before, knowledgeable enough that it probably wouldn‘t do any damage. *"I‘m afraid I can‘t give out my personal details that easily."* He replied, taking a step back and moving away from the corpses. Analysing the woman before him, it was highly likely that she worked together with those two guards, but at the same time this woman seemed different compared to them, even though she was dressed very similar. She did also have pretty much the same weapons holstered, so it wasn’t exactly out of the question. Miya had to find out who she was and if he would have to fight her as well. *“These two.“* Miya nodded towards the two lifeless bodies on the ground. *“You know them?“*

**"Used to."** Charlotte sighed, once more glaring at the lifeless bodies soaked in their own puddle of blood. Her ears folded to the side, betraying her thoughts and emotions as her arms were restlessly idle to her side, her pistol now held loosely in her right hand as she slowly breathed in and out, the smell of blood in the open air getting to her nerves. **"Not for long. They're.. were.. part of the Gamma-4 squadron that maintained security over the Benson Gala."** \
*"So you worked with 'em?"* Miya interrupted her with a stern look on his face, startling Charlotte, whose ears fell further to the side. Her heart was pounding in her chest, and she knew that whatever answer she would give would determine whether or not she'd have to combat this mysterious killer right here, right now. **"You could say so.."** She sighed, his gaze remaining unchanged as he listened attentively to what she had to say. **"Gamma-4, alongside the various Iota and Alpha teams oversaw the Benson Gala, keeping an eye on the security of the theatre, overseeing huge names like Viyadlavy, Mariehøye, Srichaphan, just to name a few.."** \
*"They named Srichaphan."* Miya interrupted her once more, pointing at the two lifeless bodies on the floor and raising an eyebrow while his face maintained an ice-cold expression. *"Seemed serious enough."* \
Another deep sigh sigh exited Charlotte's lips, before a slight smile appeared on her face, and regained confidence radiated off her entire body as her ears perked upwards once more. **"Killed as soon as the toast began."** She smiled, her smile widening as she looked Miya back in his eyes. Lifting up her pistol, she presented it to him from a distance, and as her smile widened even further, she suppressed a giggle from exiting her lips. Her left hand left the suppressor that was attached to the pistol, and pointing it at herself, her eyes opened wide as Miya's eyes followed her motions. **"Killed by me, as soon as the clock struck 23:30. From the closed VIP balconies at the 8th floor. One shot, one kill."** She explained proudly, her eyes almost glimmering as she put the pistol in the holster at her waist once more, and now held out her hand towards Miya. **"The name's Emma. It'd be a pleasure to get acquainted."** 

Miya raised an eyebrow, looking down at the hand of the woman who had introduced herself to him, "Emma". He couldn’t help but have a smile creep on his lips as well, considering he had found a fellow hitwoman that also shared the same hatred for rich snobs. Or maybe she didn‘t share the hatred and just killed whoever she‘s ordered to, like him… well, didn’t matter in this moment, he was happy not to have any more bloodshed for tonight. Miya scanned Emma‘s body for a second and then grabbed her hand, immediately pulling her towards him as his hand buried itself in her left pocket of the coat she was wearing, pulling out her wallet as he jumped back swiftly so she couldn’t immediately get it back. Not interested in any of her money, he rummaged through all the card slots until he finally pulled out an ID card. *“The name seemed fishy enough, **Charlotte**. But pleased to meet you, too.“* \
**"H-Hey..?-"** She stammered, taken aback all of a sudden as in the blink of an eye, her wallet was in the hands of the person before her, and while her hand rushed towards her holstered pistol in an instant, her embarrassment got the better of her. With her ears folding down, she admitted defeat, sighing to herself as her mind echoed the same words over and over again. She got caught off guard, something that usually never happens in any situation. But something about this mysterious person seemed to intrigue her. She wanted to know more about him, but even she knew that right now wasn't the right time nor place to. **"Yeah.."** She whispered, her eyes drifting to the side as she averted her gaze, blushing slightly the more she thought about it. **"You snatched my genuine ID card from the get-go."** She chuckled, returning her gaze to meet Miya's once more. **"Charlotte Floquet is my real name. Emma Sikovia is, one of a hundred decoy names I've used on missions."** \
Miya smiled at Charlotte, stuffing her ID back into the wallet and simply handing it back to her. *“Decoy names, huh? So you blend in and then go for the kill?“* He ponders for a second, thinking if he had done the same before in his hitman-career, but no example comes to mind. Miya usually just tried to finish up the job while staying hidden in the shadows and leaving no traces. Any people that might attack or catch him have to be taken out of the picture as well. As he‘s lost in thought, the sound of police siren make him perk up as Charlotte suddenly grabs his arm, yanking him into the alleyway together with her. **“I’ll tell you more in a moment, but first, we have to get away from these bodies.“** She exclaims with a serious tone, much more different than how she had been talking with him before. Miya nods and the two run off, with Miya running after Charlotte who’s leading the way. 

### Central London: 00:58
Breathing deeply in and out through her mouth, Charlotte took a moment to catch her breath after guiding Miya into the same alleyway that she had run off into initially. Once more checking her watch, time had already flown by, it was already well past midnight. Her ears perked into all directions as she scanned her surroundings, looking and listening for anything out of the ordinary, before inhaling deeply through her nose as soon as she deemed the space they stood in safe. **"Right."** She exclaimed, crossing her arms, and smiling warmly at Miya. **"To get back to what you asked earlier, yes, exactly as you said."** She began to explain, telling Miya about the way her missions underwent their usual routine. She'd receive a decoy name, a location, a time, and a face. The dots were hers to connect, and the shot was her to fire, no matter how complex the mission may looked. Emma, Anne, Vivian, Deborah, all of these were names she bore, but none that were truly hers. As soon as the mission would be complete, the existence of that name would be gone with the wind, waiting to be joined by the endless list of decoy names that grew longer with every mission she undertook. *"You're oversharing."* Her mind kept interrupting her, but subconsciously, there was something about Miya that she struggled to understand. Something had *clicked*, something she hadn't yet realised, something she didn't yet understand. **"..and, that's basically all.."** 

*“Interesting. Never really thought of the job that way but I guess you‘re more of a hitman than I‘ll ever be.“* Miya had listened intently to everything Charlotte told him, processing all the information, before formulating a reply of his own. *“I usually just get a target or organisation to take out from my boss, accept the mission, do my job and then dip. Operating from the shadows, trying not to get spotted, to then finish up as quickly as possible. Auðr nægjanliga.* (*Easy enough.*)*"* Miya explained everything in a quick fashion, not adding too much detail about what he actually does and who he kills. Suddenly opening his eyes wide, a sudden thought comes to mind. *“Oh, skítr! I never told you my name!“* He exclaims, shaking his head at his simple mistake of not introducing himself by name earlier. *“The name’s Miya. I assume I can trust you enough.“* \ 
Smiling back warmly, Charlotte once more reaches out her hand and shakes it gently with Miya, re-introducing herself once more too as the air between the two is loosened up. **"You absolutely can!"** She said with a warm smile on her face as the the warmth radiated off her entire body, feeling no more tension in the air between the two as she chuckled quietly under her breath. Once more checking her watch, her ears drooped down to the sides once more as she sighed quietly. **"01:05.. sorry to keep you up this late.."** She sighed, feeling notably down despite her mission having been a success, and despite having properly gotten to know Miya a little bit now after what could've ended up in more bloodshed outside the Benson Gala. **"I wish we could talk for longer, Miya.. but I have to get to the safehouse soon.."** \
Miya chuckled. *“Not a worry. I‘m pretty much an insomniac at this point, I‘ll be happy if I‘m asleep by 5am.“* He smiled softly at Charlotte, slowly walking back from her towards the other end of the alleyway, making his way back out. *“Stay safe on your way back to the safehouse, even though I assume you’ll be fine. Maybe I‘ll come over at some point, won’t be too hard for me to find.“* He winked at Charlotte one last time and put on his hood, disappearing into the street as the wind was blowing softly. The last thing she heard was a quiet *“Mun sjá þig.* (*I'll see you again.*)*"* \
**"L-Likewise.."** She said back quietly, already watching Miya disappear off into the distance in just a matter of seconds. Lost in her thoughts, her ears drooped even further to the sides as she watched Miya's cloaked silhouette walk away into the distant end of the alleyway, before suddenly vanishing in the open, turning around a corner, no longer to be seen again. But even so, his face refused to leave her mind, and turning around herself, she set foot towards her safehouse just before the outskirts of London, as a deep sigh exited her lips the longer she thought about the talk with Miya just now. **"Déi Gefill..** (*That feeling..*)**"** She whispered to herself, her eyes locked to the surface beneath her, only occasionally looking forwards. **"What was that..?"**

## Chapter 2: History Repeats
*// Despite the sudden introduction of Miya into Charlotte's life, it continues as normal, and with the funding received for the successful murder of Somchai Srichaphan at the Benson Gala in London, a stay at the safehouse gives her a brief amount of time to adapt to the situation. The mere thought of Miya gives her a fluttery feeling, but it's one she can't replicate or describe properly now that the two parted ways so soon after the Benson Gala.* \
*// Life resumes as normal, and in just a matter of days, Charlotte's safehouse is cleared and a new mission is appointed to her: A reputable name in the African oil industry is present in Paris, France. Another reputable name wants his head. With a large payout on the table, it's only a matter of time before Charlotte figures she has no other choice but to travel to Paris and establish a plan to complete this new mission.*

*// This requires a buildup section that gives an insight into Charlotte coping and dealing with the sudden introduction of Miya in her life, as well as the buildup towards her current mission in Paris, France.*
### Central Paris, 20:26
**"Ypsilon."** \
*"Listening."* \
**"Skip the formalities. Where the fuck is he?"** \
*"It seems there is conflict of interest. Another party has interfered with our timings, we'll adjust the planning-"* \
**"Skip it. He's not at Place du Trocadéro as predicted. Where did he run off to?!"** \
*"Hold the line for a moment.."* \
Charlotte's heart continued to pound furiously in her chest. Time was running out. Any second spent tracking him was a second lost for adjustments. The original plan was already deep in the gutter, and it was all up to her to string a cohesive point and location together to still achieve her objective. Furiously tapping her foot, she clinged onto the suitcase closely. It gave the impression of a lost tourist, and not one of someone out for blood. \
*"Caught. He's en route to.. hang on.."* \
**"Faster, Ypsilon, faster! I have no time for "uhm"s!"** \
*"He's being chased by another person. It looks like this person is our conflict of interest. Head to Av. de New York. Your pass can reach the upper abandoned floor. At the window will be a prime location for you to still connect the shot."* \
Charlotte gritted her teeth. **"Great.."** She sighed, holding herself back from ripping the earpiece off her ear as it twitched furiously, matching the fury and annoyance that had been building up in her mind. **"Copy, Ypsilon. En route to New York."** She replied, slinging the suitcase with her rifle around her shoulder, swiftly setting forth.

*"Zeta."* \
Charlotte's ear twitched. In the heat of the moment, she had already forgotten that "Zeta" had been her assigned codename for this Parisian mission. **"Ypsilon. Listening."** \
*"Target's diverted. They are headed straight to the Eiffel Tower."* \
**"The Eiffel.. Are they insane..?!"** \
*"Very much so. That's not just public space, that's **the** public space in Paris. Your objective remains unchanged. Follow them through your scope once you are settled, and when you deem it fit, pull the trigger."* \
A deep sigh left Charlotte's lips as she stepped through the door of the assigned building at Avenue de New York. It was an older building, an apartment complex, reaching seven floors tall. The top floor had been abandoned for years to date, with no sign from the government nor from investors to renovate and repurpose it. But the lack thereof provided her a prime opportunity to settle and steady a shot. With swift steps reaching towards the top floor, she was quick to open the suitcase and unfold her sniper rifle, one that had been provided to her by her organisation, those that had set up this mission for her to complete. **"HR-75.."** She muttered to herself, folding open the stock, and fitting the barrel and silencer to the main portion of the rifle. **"Overkill.."** \
Moving down the curtains, she isolated herself from the outside world as she slowly lifted up the window, creating a gap for her rifle and scope to peek through without drawing too much attention from the pedestrians on the street below her. With a deep sigh, her ears folded flat on her hear as she scanned the direct surroundings. Through the gaps in the trees, she could peek just over the sea of green, and increasing the magnification, she followed the crowd walking over the *Pont d'Iena*, connecting the original target site with the Eiffel Tower. She steadied her breath, and steadier her aim soon after. Two figures dressed and cloaked in black sprinted over the arched bridge. Leading this duo was her target, and trailing him was the so-called "Conflict of Interest." \
Tracing the duo as they sprinted towards the Eiffel Tower, she tapped her earpiece once more with her offhand, using the window frame to rest her rifle on, as she relayed the intel towards her contact. **"Ypsilon."** She began, continuing to keep her target in the dead centre of her scope. **"Target in sight, reaching for the Eiffel Tower's stairwell."** \
A groan could be heard on the other end of the connection. *"Phenomenal stuff.. "* He sighed. *"In that case, maybe..-"* \
**"Up the stairwell."** Charlotte interrupted him, continuing to closely follow the duo's chase. **"Firing at will. They're reaching for the top of the tower. There's no wind. I can land this shot, Ypsilon."** \
A moment of silence followed. *"The security of Paris is on your tail if you miss this, Zeta. Don't."* \
**"I won't, Ypsilon. Ending contact."** She replied, confidence radiating from her face as she continued to trace the duo up the Eiffel Tower. Step after step, they reached for the top, until ultimately, there was no further for them to climb. Checking the watch fitted to her left wrist, she noted the time. **"20:54.."** She muttered to herself, the sky in the far distance already discolouring into a bright orange as the sun was about to set in less than an hour. The lights on the Eiffel Tower weren't yet powered on, but that could happen at any moment now, not just putting a spotlight on the duo that were climbing up the Tower, but putting a spotlight on wherever her imminent shot would land. \
Pulling the HR-75's bolt back, she carefully watched the 7.62mm bullet load into the chamber, and as she pushed the bolt back forwards, the rifle was now armed. Through the scope, she already adjusted for wind and distance dropoff while the duo reached the top of the Eiffel Tower, and before long, they had nowhere left to go and a brawl broke out between the two. Her ears folded flat on her head as she held her breath, focusing deeply while holding the rifle loosely, almost becoming an extension of her body as she felt the slight gust of wind brush against the nozzle of the suppressor. A quiet sigh left her lips as the two continued to brawl, and through the scope, she could already see blood spill from her target's arm as the conflict of interest wounded them. **"Stand still, Wahid.."** She whispered to herself, and despite sitting over 400 metres away, her target complied and stood still, his bleeding hand clinging tightly to the railing at the top of the Eiffel Tower, and without a single second thought, her aim froze, and the muzzle flash at the end of the suppressor fitted to her HR-75 sent a NATO-Hammerhead cartridge rushing through the air, piercing through the wind as if it were nothing. In just a second, it should connect to the target, neutralising him in an instant, and completing her mission even despite the change of plans.
### Central Paris, 20:58
Sparks flew into the open from the top of the Eiffel Tower, and Charlotte's eyes opened wide in surprise. Had she missed the shot, and hit the railing? The sparks looked too odd to have been connected from reinforced aluminium, which the renovated Eiffel Tower was almost entirely composed of. It couldn't have been from aluminium, nor from the Eiffel Tower itself at all. That looked like metal scraping against metal, as if she had hit a blade. Shaking her head, she held her breath and kept her aim steady, adjusting accordingly to fire another shot, closely following it through the scope fitted tightly to the picatinny rail on her rifle. The stock pushed back against her shoulder once more, and with a slight blue-coloured trail, she followed the bullet in slow-motion through the air as it finally connected to her target, neutralising him in an instant as blood spat out from his back, immediately killing him and completing her mission. But tapping her earpiece out of habit, her eye remained glued to the scope as the other figure that had been standing atop of the Eiffel Tower watched the body of their shared target fall to the floor of the walkway. **"Ypsilon. Target Wahid ben Musayalem neutra..-"** She said into the earpiece, before recognising the figure that stood atop the Tower, their gazes meeting. *"A-firm, Zeta, target flatlined."* Her direct and only contact replied through her earpiece, informing her and relaying exit strategies to her now that her location had been marked as soon as she had fired not one, but two shots. *"Rendez-vous to Gare Montparnasse. Once there I will relay a train for you to take to the south of Paris. I cannot give you a safehouse just-"* \
**"Negative, Ypsilon. I'm creating an hour deficit. I will relay once at Montparnasse."** Charlotte interrupted her contact, her eye remaining stuck to the scope atop her rifle, almost creating an imprint on her eye with how tightly she pressed her head against it. **"Something got in-between. Ending contact."** She sighed, tapping her earpiece as she watched the figure raise his arm in just a matter of seconds, and while the sight of a distant muzzle flash registered in her mind, she narrowly realised that they had ‒ in fact ‒ aimed right for her head. With her hands stuck to her rifle, she ducked to the right behind the window frame, the sound of metal piercing through her ears, the bullet piercing through the carefully-crafted silencer at the very end of her rifle, rendering it unusable in a second. Her ears folded flat on her head, her heart pounded furiously in her chest. **"What..-"** She muttered in shock, pulling the rifle out of the window frame and analysing the damage dealt to the barrel. The suppressor had been ruined completely, and even though she could unscrew it, it wasn't worth the risk in this very moment. She had to flee her location immediately. With a deep, defeated, and distraught sigh, she still decided to take the time to remove the barrel of her rifle, and promptly returned it to its rightful position in the suitcase, all while the gaze of that figure on top of the Eiffel Tower flashed before her eyes every other second. **"There's no way.."** She sighed to herself, closing her eyes for a moment while her hand clutched around her rifle's grip in frustration. It clicked in her head, even though it made no sense to her just yet. **"Firwat bass du zu Paräis,** (*Why are you in Paris,*) **Miya..?!"**

Her heart continued to pound furiously in her chest, and folding her rifle's stock inwards, she held its grip tightly in her right hand while her left hand took a hold of her suitcase housing the barrel and destroyed silencer. With heavy breaths, she stepped away from the window altogether, carefully and slowly crawled towards the left, staying out of sight from a potential shot through the walls. The last image of Miya that she saw stirred her mind emotionally, and as she had watched him rush down the Eiffel Tower, leaving behind Wahid's body as if it were nothing, she knew that he was headed straight to her location, straight to Av. de New York, where she was right now. Taking in a deep breath, she took the time to exhale, and once more inspecting the damage dealt to the suppressor, she felt her confidence leave her body in an instant as she exhaled. **"He's headed straight for me.."** She whispered to herself, her worn HR-75 rifle still held tightly in her right hand, but her grip became shakier the longer she thought about it. The fluttery feeling she had felt in London made its return to her stomach, but at the same time, the feeling of betrayal stirred it up instead. Step by step, she dragged herself upright, and while the feeling of uneasiness in her stomach grew with every step, her breaths became more light, creating a sense of calmness and comfort in her own mind. With a deep exhalation, she reached the door that she had originally passed through to make her way towards her current position, and with her ears pointed upright, she could not only hear the few cars and a tram brush past this door before, but also the sound of quiet steps reaching towards the very same door. Quietly and carefully, she returned to the middle of her room put her suitcase on the floor, using her now freed hand to pull the bolt on her HR-75, loading the next 7.62mm bullet into its chamber, and the second she let the bolt snap back into place, the door before her was pushed open. Dust on the floor picked up as the wind rushed inside, the force from the kick pushing the door out of its hinges as it was sent flying towards her. Deflecting it with her offhand, it fell and slammed onto the floor while she kept the rifle trained at the figure that stood in the doorframe, and with her HR-75 drawn, it met the barrel of a pistol that lacked in size, but not in lethality. Her brows were furrowed, and her lips trembled. The figure that stood at the opposing end of the door was cloaked, but it matched the cloak of the figure that she had almost killed at the very top of the Eiffel Tower. Instead of Wahid, it could have been him whose blood would be spilled at the very top, only to drop down 312 metres to the surface. **"Miya."** She said with a stern voice, her ears drooping to the side, betraying her disturbed emotions and disturbed peace of mind as she gazed deeply into his grey eyes. *"Charlotte..? Helvítis.."* Miya replied. A mixture of belonging ‒ yet betrayal ‒ rushed through Charlotte's head as her finger twitched on the trigger of her rifle. **"Wat méchs du hei?** (*What are you doing here?*)**"**

### Central Paris, 21:05
The cold air from the stairwell continued to seep into the empty room that the two found themselves in. Through the flights of stairs, cold air travelled upwards and exited through the window left open. Short, shallow, and quiet breaths became the high notes in a low backdrop consisting of nothing but a tense atmosphere and loud heartbeats, leaving Charlotte's ears twitching at various intervals. Breathing in deeply, she could feel the strength in her arm dissipate over time, the weight of the rifle beginning to force it down to the floor as she felt her hand begin to shake. Her finger had already left the trigger, but now, admitting defeat, she lowered her hefty HR-75, and pulled back the bolt, emptying the chamber and neutralising the weapon as she averted her eyes from Miya's. *"Business. You should know how it is."* He sighed, holstering his weapon too, slowly following Charlotte's gaze to the floor as they now stared at the dust lingering above the aged, laminated flooring. *"There better have been a good reason for you taking down that representative. But I can only really think of one reason why you would."* He continued, stepping away from Charlotte and slowly pacing through the room. Moving back and forth, his thoughts wandered off, thinking of how something this unlikely could even happen in the first place. But stopping in place after a few moments, he looked Charlotte back in the eyes, his gaze still as intense and serious as before with his brows furrowed. *"We were assigned the same mission and target, weren't we?"* \
**"Wahid ben Musayalem. Saudi representative in the African division of ArabOil. Here to make a trade offer with TotalEnergies in Paris, France."** Charlotte replied, her scarred ear twitching as her own furrowed brows looked back at those of Miya. The stern look remained on his face, but gradually, the tension in the atmosphere relieved now that the silence had been broken. **"€20,- million payout, promised a 2% cut."** Taking a deep sigh, she turned around, facing away from Miya. **"He wasn't at Place du Trocadéro at 20:20, and instead, ran through over the Pont d'Iena to the top of the Eiffel Tower."** She continued, and with her ears twitching upwards, she turned her head around, glancing at Miya from behind. **"Was that your doing..?"** \
Over her earpiece, Ypsilon attempted to reach out to Charlotte once more, but after a single twitch of the ear it was clipped to, she turned around completely and took it off, crossing her arms afterwards to face Miya directly into his eyes, their grey colour meeting those of Charlotte's own. \
*"Not really a lot of luck on my part."* He scoffed after nodding, pacing around the room for another few steps, before his shoulder found the wall adjacent to the doorframe towards the stairwell. Leaning against it, he took out his phone, realising that his boss had already attempted to call him a number of times. Exhaling quickly and quietly, he rolled his eyes, and put his phone back in his pocket before his gaze met that of Charlotte once more. *"I took out all of his security guards in the club he was partying in before. Got too cocky and didn't expect him to be so fast while tipsy on fancy wine."* He paused for a moment, snickering as the makeshift show in the club played once more in his mind. *"Ended up throwing a table at me, which I caught, but by the time I had tossed it aside, he already ran past me."* He heaved yet another deep sigh, and looking at Charlotte a little more intently, his expression softened slightly, a gentle smile appearing on his lips. *"But at least he's dead now, right?"* \
**"I guess so.."** Charlotte smiled back, having properly removed the stock off her rifle while Miya explained the situation as it unfolded. Her blue eyes shimmered as she looked back into his grey eyes, and in just a matter of seconds, she stuffed away the rifle in her suitcase and closed the clasps, leaving her only armed with her signature pistol if the worst case was set to unfold. **"He was set to pass through Place du Trocadéro at 20:20."** She began, standing back up after having knelt. **"I waited eagerly, but he never passed through. When I asked for intel, I was told he was being chased by another person towards the Eiffel Tower."** She looked around the empty, dusty room once more, and with her eyes drawn to the only opened window, her smile grew wider. Despite the worn-out curtains, she could still recognise a portion of the Eiffel Tower's silhouette through it. **"I was then sent here to take a shot in the dark towards the Tower. Fired it at 20:57. And now we're here."** She smiled, but her brows furrowed as she paused for a moment. Police sirens could already be heard in the direction towards the tower, and despite their current location being relatively hidden in the unknown, it wouldn't take long for the police to track down the direction of the shot similarly to how Miya did. **"We can't stay here for too long, though."** Charlotte began, her eyes drawing back to those of Miya, who was listening intently. With her ears folded back, she gripped the suitcase tightly in her left hand. **"My extraction was via Gare Montparnasse. From there on I'd take a train towards the south. My safehouse is there."** She continued, and with a slight smile, her cheeks soon followed and turned a slight red as she averted her eyes shyly. **"You can.. tag along and extract with me, if you want.."**
*"Extract with you..?"* Miya said back quietly, raising an eyebrow. Leaning to the side, his shoulder no longer pressed against the wall anymore, and instead, he stepped forwards towards Charlotte with an indistinguishable expression on his face. Her cheeks remained a slight red as she watched Miya approach her, and with her ears folded back, her hand subconsciously moved to the holstered weapon on her waist, readying herself for anything that could happen next. Standing before her, Miya moved his hand upwards from his own waist, and with Charlotte's hand now resting firmly on the grip of her pistol, a mixture of confusion and adrenaline rushing through her body as her offhand continued to grip her suitcase tightly, unsure in what way the situation was developing. But instead of needing to use her pistol, her cheeks turned an even deeper shade of red while her ears perked upwards upon the feeling of a gentle hand landing on her shoulder, catching her off guard completely. *"If you're inviting me to come over for a drink, I'll gladly be your guest."* Miya smiled softly while looking down at Charlotte, not a single hint of seriousness or anger from before left on his face. 
**"Really..?"** Charlotte replied dumbfoundedly, confused and caught off guard by the sudden feeling of Miya's hand on her shoulder, as she averted her eyes immediately in embarrassment. ***"Et ass zréck.*** (*It's back*)***"*** her mind whispered to her, the fluttery feeling of butterflies swirling in her stomach once more as her ears drooped to the sides subconsciously. But shaking her head, she got back to her senses, the police sirens droning in the background through the window and the stairwell reminding her of their current position, and current situation, and glancing outside, she could already see and hear a helicopter approach the Eiffel Tower in the far distance. **"Right."** She nodded, the confidence having returned, now radiating off her face once more as her eyes met those of Miya once more. **"No time to waste. We're headed for Gare Montparnasse."** She said, her brows furrowing as the adrenaline rushed through her veins once more. **"I've spent enough time in Paris before to know where. I'll lead the way."**

### Central Paris, 21:20
*// A relatively quick rush towards Montparnasse through the existing underground metro system brings the newly formed duo on a high-speed train to the south of Paris, and exiting at Massy-Palaiseau, a bit of time is freed for the two to talk for a while. Having informed Ypsilon about the rundown of events at the Eiffel Tower, her pass now allows her to enter her safehouse, and after a short walk, the two of them eventually reach it. A small apartment in Quartier Vilmorin, parallel to the train station, becomes their stay for the night, and to their luck, the previous person to have stayed here left behind a few snacks and drinks in the fridge.* \
*// With the sun setting in the far distance, the two go over their previous missions, with Charlotte mentioning the number of missions she'd completed in the "dark alleyways" of Germany, while eventually trailing off and bringing up the very first kill to her name: Her father. As the lighting in the room dims from a deep orange from the setting sun, to a dark blue hue from the distant lights across the streets, so does Charlotte's wellbeing the longer she talks and thinks about her past. (// This is very open to elaboration and may require both Charlotte and Miya to have a bit more backdrop and lore regarding their respective selves, to properly flesh out this "flashback" scene)*
### Massy-Palaiseau, 23:15
It didn't take long for them to reach *Massy-Palaiseau*, and after having disembarked from the train, it was only a ten-minute walk towards their apartment-made-safehouse. Inhaling softly, Charlotte took the modified keycard from her wallet, a small LED in the top right blinking in a dim blue colour, indicating that it was ready for use. Each and every safehouse was an abandoned house or apartment that had an outdated digital lock, and without local government interference, it became easy for Charlotte's higher-ups to contact a hacker, which would pair her keycard and the lock with one another, giving her access to whichever safehouse she needed to be at after a completed mission. And especially in a relatively abandoned district like *Quartier Vilmorin*, it was a breeze for those managing her to give her access to a safehouse here. \
Inhaling softly, she reluctantly pressed the keycard against the lock, and as a small buzz preceded the quiet whirr of the door's lock moving backwards, she exhaled deeply upon the sight of the LED on her card having turned green. The door was opened successfully, and this apartment was now theirs for the time being. Pushing the door forward, Charlotte was the first to set foot in the open space of the living room, soon followed by Miya, who trailed behind her tail carefully, not stepping too close in her proximity. The quiet sound of their combined footsteps reverberated through the open, empty space, and while a small kitchen island and a sofa decorated the living room, it appeared to have been abandoned for quite a while before their entry today. Freezing in place, Charlotte's eyes opened wide as she looked next to the sofa, and smiling warmly, she saw the lights from the train station through the window, separating the living room from the balcony. *"I'll take a look around."* Miya quietly said to her, tapping her shoulder twice to inform her, before disappearing behind a door to their left, and exhaling quietly, Charlotte felt the stress from the mission at the Eiffel Tower finally leave her shoulders. Stepping forward, she opened the door, the cool evening air brushing gently over her face, hairs, and ears, as she saw two conveniently placed folding chairs at the balcony behind the door. **"Don't mind if I do.."** She giggled to herself, and sitting down carefully, her tail wrapped around her waist in comfort as her eyes almost immediately closed, and with her breaths slowing down, she dozed off for just a moment..

Her ears perked upwards upon the sound of footsteps approaching the balcony she was seated on. Reopening her eyes, they once more met the view of the train and metro station before her. The bubbles of light in the far distance polluted the skies above her, and even though it was already cloudy, the added light pollution didn't allow her to watch the stars above. Instinctively, her hand reached out to the pistol still strapped to her waist, and slowly turning around to look over her shoulder, her furrowed brows quickly gave way to a slight smile as she recognised the figure that was approaching her as none other than Miya. **"You're back awfully quick."** She smiled, her hand leaving her pistol immediately, but in just a matter of seconds, the smile disappeared off her face once more as she averted her eyes back to the train station before her. \
*"Just decided to fly over everything, that's all."* Miya smiled back slightly, but watching Charlotte's gaze avert away from him almost immediately, he instead stepped over the doorframe into the balcony to join her. His slight smile faded quickly upon reading Charlotte's expression, even without a word said. *"Everything okay?"* He began, a slightly noticeable tone of concern in his voice. *"You look like you've seen a ghost."* \
**"No.. it's fine."** She smiled back, but with her ears flat on her head and her lips trembling, she knew that Miya would immediately recognise a flat-out lie such as hers. **"It's just some.. old voices in my head putting on a show I'd rather not see.."** She sighed, resting her head on her hand as her elbow buried into the folding chair's armrest. She felt a slight shiver run through her entire body, and inhaling deeply, she tried to keep herself calm as another train passed through the station in the far distance, allowing her to put her thoughts elsewhere while Miya sat down in the chair next to her. **"Say, Miya.."** Charlotte began, both of her hands now holding the bottle of water tightly in her lap. **"How well do you know your parents..?"** \
*"How well do I know them?"* Miya slightly chuckled, leaning against the wall a little, going back through the memories in his head. *"If you'd ask me what their favourite food was or what they did as a hobby, I wouldn't be able to tell you."* A slight smile remained on Miya's face, and to Charlotte, it became clear that Miya's parents and himself never really had a real connection. \
**"It's about the same for me.."** Charlotte sighed with a slight smile on her face. Facing the bottle of water in her hands in her lap, her ears drooped downwards as the voices in her head increased their volume. Staring downwards, she felt the shivers running through her body become increasingly colder, and gripping the bottle of water tightly in her hands, the memory of the knife in her hands above her father's side of the bed flashed before her eyes. She flinched, and closing her eyes, she looked away from Miya, feeling the water bottle shake in her hands the same way the knife shook in her hands on that fateful day. Her lips trembled, and struggling to find the words, she slowly reopened her eyes to face the wall to her right at the balcony. A deep, fearful sigh found its way out her lips. **"I.. haven't seen my parents in a few years either.."** She mumbled under her breath, letting go of the bottle of water and instead burying her hands between her thighs as they were shaking intensively. \
*"Have they died?"* Miya interrupted her, allowing her mind to snap out of the spiral she was falling into, giving her a moment to regain a stable breath once more.
**"My mother hasn't.."** Charlotte replied slowly, still resting her hands uneasily between her legs while the soles of her feet were planted straight on the tiled floor beneath them. **"She last lived in Kirchberg, but that was ten years ago, I haven't spoken to her since I.."** She struggled to continue, and gulping under her breath, she once more attempted to swallow away the fears and nasty memories from the moment the knife held in her hands pierced her father's neck. **"For my father, it's the same.."** She began, giving herself and Miya a moment to prepare for the next words she were to say. Even though one could easily make an assumption, especially with her occupation as a hitwoman, it were still heavy words to roll off the tongue for her. But inhaling deeply, she jumped over that hurdle, and set foot into the unknown, finally breaking the taboo for herself of never mentioning the death of her father, and exhaling deeply, she continued. **"He lived in Kirchberg, too, but is now buried there."** To her own surprise, an oddly comforting smile appeared on her face as the reality of the situation ‒ just as it had back then ‒ swirled through her mind once more. **"He was no father to me, nor a husband to my mother. He was.. scum, rotten to his core, nothing but a bastard from the ruins of the Cottbuser Cults. So I've.. taken his life to protect my mother."** 

Another deep sigh left her lips. Her ears perked up slightly upon hearing the sound of a metro departing in the distance, but even so, the atmosphere atop the balcony remained grim. Looking to her left, she could see Miya's gaze lead towards the bright train station of Massy-Palaiseau, and following it, she watched the very same metro leave towards its next destination. The streets rumbled slightly, but there was nobody to overhear the two of them. Massy was a relatively forgotten city in the outer ring of Paris, and because most if its residents moved inwards towards Paris, it became a safe haven for hitmen like them to use these vacant houses as a safe place to stay. But with a quiet city, the voices in her head continued to ring loudly. **"He wasn't deserving of love or life."** Charlotte frowned, her eyes following the metro's taillights disappearing behind the apartment complex to their right. **"He didn't love us, he didn't care for us. From my birth onwards, he had hated me."** She shivered, her words becoming shaky as she instinctively moved her hands to the bottle of water once more, her fingers delicately and carefully wrapping around it as her grip on it grew tighter, just like she did with the knife back when she hovered it above her father's sleeping body. **"Married a Vulpine.. grew old with a Vulpine.."** Her right hand let go of the bottle, and instead, she now rested her head on it while her elbow rested on the armrest once more. **"Just for you to consider them nothing but "lesser humans..""** She sighed deeply, and with tears dwelling up in her eyes, her ears remained flat on her head. Trying to distract herself, she stared at the train station once more, watching a the headlights of an older freight train appear from her right, and while its final destination was the outskirts of Paris, Charlotte longed for something seemingly much further away than that. A home, whether that was back in Luxembourg, or wherever else that would be. \
One by one, the "incidents" between her father and her mother resurfaced in her head. And while she wasn't there to witness or overhear each and every one of them, it was the 14th incident that had stuck to her like a parasite. He'd brought up his rage, mentioned how he'd been fed up all these years from living with a Vulpine family, all while Charlotte herself struggled to live a normal life, too. The "dominant" human gene from her father never won over her mother's "weaker" Vulpine genes, and as a result, she was born a Vulpine girl in a world that treated them like aliens. Undeserving of anything, isolated from society. From a young age onwards, the tireless gazes burned into her skin each and every day. Throughout her childhood, she was isolated, bullied, seen as someone "wrong." *"Why don't you go home to Luniks?"* A classmate had asked her when she was just eight years old. It left the innocent Charlotte confused. **"My home is in Kirchberg, in Lëtzebuerg!"** She had replied with a wide smile on her face, and even though her innocence led her through her primary school, the reality of her appearance and identity became clear from the moment she enrolled in a Luxembourgish high school. The glances at her continued, but as they grew older, they were quickly followed up with violence. Through words, through assault, through isolation. She wasn't safe at school, and neither was she safe at home, and it wasn't until she was enrolled in the *Université du Luxembourg* that the meter had overflown. *"Why do they allow these "people" to enroll?"* She had overheard one of her classmates in just the first day of university, and it was a tone that she would hear more and more often for the rest of her scholarship. Undeniably, she was a Vulpine, but it didn't make her inhuman. Once more, she felt the grip of her hand on the water bottle, and once more, she saw the knife in the very same hand. Memories flashed before her eyes, the murder on her father, the murder on Marvin, the memories of needing to flee and never having been home since. Her mind became dizzy, and once more, a deep sigh left her body as she tried to keep her mind and sense of self stable. A train departing in the far distance no longer caught her ears, but instead, a sudden feeling of something pressing on her shoulder did, and with her ears perking upwards in surprise, so did her eyes. 

Hearing Miya quietly sigh, she looked to her left in shock, snapping back to reality as she watched him reach for his pocket, rummaging through it to eventually reveal a small orange container housing a small joint. A distressed expression was still on Charlotte's face as her ears twitched, but with his hand on her shoulder, the sense of distress and discomfort slowly began to vanish once more. *"I see that smile of yours."* Miya began with a stern tone, and putting the joint in his mouth, he moved his hand off Charlotte's shoulder to take a lighter from another pocket. Flicking the lighter twice, it didn't take long for a flame to appear, and lighting the tip of the joint, a deep inhalation left the joint glow in a bright orange, before an exhalation followed with a thick plume of smoke evaporating and disappearing into the night. *"Your dad was undoubtedly an asshole, from what I hear."* Miya began, his hand reaching to rest on Charlotte's shoulder once more, and while Charlotte looked up, Miya looked down to meet her gaze. *"But we both know that you're not the type to be proud of having killed someone."* His voice remained stern, but it was still comforting enough to her. *"What you did was the right thing. But don't dwell on it too much. Don't live in the past."* \
Charlotte sighed deeply, and averting her eyes, she looked to the right once more, staring at the quiet train station in the distance once more. **"I guess you're right.."** She began, smiling slightly, but her ears remained drooped down, her body language telling Miya that she was still feeling extremely uneasy with the memories flowing through her head and body with every second. Before her eyes, she could see her younger self, holding the hands of her father and mother as she was led to her primary school. Her ears were upright, her body language radiated excitement and happiness that could warm up everything and everyone she walked past. Instead, she had grown to become a person that took it away from people instead, and watching her younger self disappear into the doors of her primary school classroom, she closed her eyes, the tears no longer being held back as they found their way down her cheeks slowly. **"I just.. wanted to live a normal life.."** \
Miya's hand wandered down from Charlotte's shoulder to her back, and rubbing it gently, his eyes closed as he took another puff from his joint, following her gaze forwards, but instead, looking upwards towards the night sky. *"We all do, don't we?"* He chuckled, a small puff of smoke escaping his lips as he spoke. *"A hitman that doesn't envision themselves living a normal life is a weirdo that takes pleasure in killing others, in my eyes."* He continued, continuing to rub Charlotte's back while moving the other folding chair closer, and taking his hand off her back for a moment, his eyes remained fixated at the sky as he sat down beside her. \
*"Shouldn't be too unexpected, but I'm not from here‒ nor from Europe at all."* He began, leaning back in his chair slightly while taking the joint out of his lips for a moment, and inhaling deeply, he slowly continued. *"Born in the slums of Kamagasaki, Japan, in a run-down house with two parents that were barely ever home. Cleaning, cooking, doing laundry.. all things I've had to learn on my own with my parents only coming in once or twice a month."* Taking another deep breath, the memories of his childhood crept back into his mind, and taking another puff of his joint, a plume of smoke preceded the rest of his words. *"And even when they did come in ‒ for the time they stayed ‒ they taught me how to fight. Wielding blades, using guns, any other weapons, or just fighting styles like Kyokushin, all taught by them because I wasn't allowed a normal life. Like going to school, or working a 9-5.."* He shook his head in annoyance, the ashes of the tip of his joint finding their way to the tiled floor of the balcony as they were shaken off. *"We're not normal!"* His parents had always told him, and reciting their words one by one, Charlotte could visibly see it getting to Miya's head, too. *"You'll obviously become a hitman, what else?"* \
**"I suppose we are special, after all."** Charlotte sighed, her hand slowly reaching for Miya's leg, and resting it upon it, she continued to look at the idle train station beyond the balcony before them. Memories of her time at the university flashed back before her, and while her body language portrayed uncertainty, she still attempted to figure out a way to relieve the both of them, flipping the grim and dark atmosphere into something a little more upbeat and hopeful. **"I'd been praised for my precision in university. I used it for archery, I used it in university for mechanical and electronic engineering, and in the end.."** She paused for a moment, realising she trailed off back into the grim atmosphere, and with her gaze averting to face that of Miya, she flipped the script of her words back around in her head once more. **"What I mean to say is that our skills aren't used just for taking the lives of others to survive. We've done it for years, right, but.."** Once more, she trailed off, and the uncertainty that radiated from her body language now sent a chill through her own spine. **"Two pairs of hands are stronger than one.. Miya. Maybe if we partner up, we can claw our way upwards from this spiral of blood and despair we inflict."** Her brows furrowed, and instead of worry, it was now determination and confidence that she radiated, warming herself up, and hopefully, warming up Miya, too. \
*"You're warming up to me fairly quick, aren't you?"* Miya chuckled, moving his hand down to Charlotte's hand resting on his leg, and glancing at her, he smiled gently. *"I've been doing this alone for around.. 14 years now. I don't know if partnering up would be the right choice for me."* His voice trembled, revealing uncertainty in his words. Holding Charlotte's hand a little tighter, he averted his eyes from her, now facing the floor instead. *"I've been alone since my parents passed away on a mission of their own. It was the first mission I had went along with them, and it ended up in disaster."* The tremble in his voice remained. *"I was often alone, even when they were still alive. But with them dead, I'm.. basically the last of my family. I'm truly alone."* Inhaling quietly, he looked back up at Charlotte, a fake and bittersweet smile on his face as he continued to hold her hand gently. \
**"It's the same for me."** Charlotte smiled, gently squeezing Miya's thumb as her eyes met his once more. **"I've.. lived alone all my life. Not because of death, but because I'm special, too."** Her ears twitched, and giggling under her breath, she smiled widely, yet regretfully. **"I've gone through isolation, I've gone through years of mental and physical abuse, just because of my appearance, my race."** She sighed quietly under her breath, and in the far distance, her ears picked up the sound of another freight train approaching in the far distance, leaving her eyes trail away from Miya's to watch its headlights reach towards the beacon of light that was the Massy-Palaiseau station. **"They treated me as alien, as a lesser human, unworthy of love, unworthy of wealth."** Her lips trembled, and her ears continued to twitch the more she thought of the features that belonged to her, but marked her as an outcast in Earth's society. **"In a sea surrounded by people, I was still alone. My mother was all I had, and I was forced to let her go for our combined safety. Ever since.. I've survived by myself by taking the lives of others.."** \
Her eyes returned to face Miya's, and squeezing Miya's thumb a little tighter, the maintained the confidence on her expression. **"I know it's only day two, and this is the first time we actually get to chat, Miya, but.."** She paused for a moment, inhaling slowly, before smiling widely and warmly. **"I trust you. If we stick together, we don't need to be alone.."** \
Miya shook his head almost immediately, rejecting the offer at a glance, but instead, his lips betrayed him as a smile formed on his face. Getting up from his chair, he slowly let go of Charlotte's hand, and in a flash, he suddenly jumped on top of the balcony's railing. In shock and surprise, Charlotte's eyes opened wide, but her elevated heartbeat quickly returned to normal as Miya promptly sat down on top of the railing, his legs dangling off the edge. A concerned smile reflected Charlotte's inner feeling of uncertainty and concern with the sudden turn of events, but looking at Miya, that feeling wasn't mutual. He seemed deeply lost in thought for a moment, looking down into the far distance, The hills beyond Massy, the gradually dimming lights accentuating the quietness of its train station just across the street. For about a minute, the two froze in place, before Miya stood up once more and nodded slowly. *"I'm giving my boss a heads-up tomorrow, then."* He smiled, turning around on top of the balcony's railing once more, and jumping off, he stood right before Charlotte, whose concerned expression was exchanged with relief. *"I'm in."* He smiled, his hand reaching for her head, gently patting it while making sure to not touch her ears, having no idea how sensitive a Vulpine's ears might be to touch. *"I'll make sure you won't be alone."* \
Charlotte's ears folded upwards, and with her smile widening as she looked upwards to Miya, the coldness in her body from the accumulated stress from her traumatic past was exchanged with a comforting warmth she hadn't felt in what felt like forever. **"Likewise, Miya."** She smiled back, feeling the base of her ears gently squeeze against Miya's outer fingers the more she warmed up. **"I'll contact Ypsilon too, in that case."** She continued, exhaling deeply and letting all the worries that had built up towards this point out along with her breath. **"Let's rest for now.. We should have access to this safehouse for at least another day, from thereon we can figure out a way as to where to go next."** 

*// Small continuation **optional**.*
## Chapter 3: Climbing the Ladder
*// The following morning, Miya rings his boss, and is promptly informed that they would like to meet his new partner, "Charlotte," in person, before coming to an agreement to officially form a duo. The only downside: They will need to cross the ocean to reach the Southern States, and with the Gendarmerie still on the hunt for any suspects of murder on Wahid ben Musayalem, it's not easy for the newly-formed duo to find a way towards there undercover.* \
*// Navigating through the outskirts of Paris, jumping from train to train, the two find themselves a flight that can bring them where they need to be and are expected to meet Miya's boss: **Washington**, the capital of the **Southern States** that closely borders **Canada**.* 

*// **Notes**: With the highlights of [[North-America Map.png]], Washington DC closely borders Maryland, which after the 2032-2035 civil war joined Canada alongside its northern neighbour states in an attempt to flee the expanding grip of Palmer-Eden. For indirect context, in 2075, [[HEAD TO HEAD - Story]] also takes place in **Miami, Florida, SS**. This can be completely ignored, or can be nodded towards ("There's still interstellar drug trade going on.") which can either open up a better setting for the modern societal standards of Earth and also shape a contrast between Earth and Luniks in 2075.* \
*// **With Luniks mentioned, will Charlotte subconsciously develop a desire to "go home," despite not being Luniks native? And could that shape up a personal Arc for her?***