# Memory Shards - Charlotte
## March 11th, 2075 - Esch-sur-Alzette, Lëtzebuerg
### Drafted
*// She's long lost track of the amount of missions like these she's come to past. But despite the blurry memories of her previous objectives, the mission she is about to enter is mission number **one** under a new contact person: **Ypsilon**. Despite being a faceless contact point, it's one that proves to be viable, and one that can be trusted, even with how easy it is to backstab someone in the modern circuits.* \
*// Tasked with completing the murder on **Jacob Moritz**, another old classmate of hers in college, she finds herself in the ever familiar hilly region in the surroundings of **Esch-sur-Alzette**. Receiving nothing but a time and place from Ypsilon, it's entirely up to herself to find a place to strike from the shadows.* 

*// Getting into the zone is no longer a hard feat for Charlotte to achieve, but neither is it something she enjoys doing. Following Ypsilon's last update, the two cease contact and Charlotte moves into position. Hidden in the depths of the tight forests near the valleys at Esch-sur-Alzette, she narrowly follows her target as he follows his routine trail up and down the passes of the nature reserve in the south of Lëtzebuerg. Roaming and trailing Jacob in the shadows beside him, it doesn't take long for the memories to seep back into her mind, and the idea of "living in the shadows" becomes clear to her once more, leaving her previously activated focus dwindling, almost causing her to give away her position in an instant.* \
*// Jacob reaches the top of one of the valleys, and promptly takes a pause and a breather to enjoy the view, such is routine for him, as Ypsilon had told Charlotte. Wasting not a single second, she fires a shot directed as his calf, causing him to lose balance while she closes the distance between the two, and pausing before the collapsed and grunting Jacob, she now stares him directly in the eyes, the blur of the picatinny rail on top of her pistol blocking the view between herself and her target. Her eyes are squinted, her brows are furrowed, and even though she's entirely focused on completing her contract, the familiar face of Jacob ‒ even 10 years later ‒ brings up memories from their respective pasts, and Jacob realises and remembers this too. **"Charlotte..?"** He grunts, his eyes open wide not only in confusion, but also in regret. After 10 years, had his behaviour caught up on him? **"Moritz."** Charlotte replies quietly, a sigh trailing her words as their two gazes met one another. Despite her focus, her ears refused to maintain their position, instinctively drooping to the sides the longer the memories flowed through her head. **"I guess fate caught up with me, huh.."** Jacob grunts, making Charlotte's aim become shakier with every second. Despite their troubled past together, Jacob was one of the "better racists" to her, and even though in hindsight it meant nothing to her, she still preferred to not need to talk to him face to face like this. But it was far too late for making any changes in that. A quick pull of the trigger could solve her problems, but she didn't want an easy way out of this. She had to face her own nightmares, too. **"Sorry, Jacob."** She began, a heavy sigh leaving her lips a she aimed her pistol to the gravel path beneath her feet. **"I.. should be sorry."** Jacob begins, a deep inhale preceding his next words, his voice trembling the longer blood began to seep from his calf. If we wasn't to be treated soon, it'd be a matter of time before he'd bleed out. **"I had it coming. Just.. figured it'd have happened sooner. Marvin, Sasha, even Noah.."** Charlotte gritted her teeth the more names he listed. It were all previous classmates of hers, and all of them fell into the list of people who had mistreated her, assaulted her ‒ physically or verbally ‒ over her existence, not performances. He groaned quietly as he lifted up his hand into the air, inviting Charlotte to hold it, as a troubled smile formed on his weakening face. **"I suppose there's no mending to my fate."** He began, a single tear beginning to roll down his cheek, before he found the strength to continue. **"There's only one ending possible, if you're wielding and firing the weapon, then.."** A deep sigh exited his lips, and hesitantly, Charlotte took a hold of Jacob's hand before he continued. **"Nach.. I want to apologise for back then. My actions were unwarranted, and nothing will change that."** Another deep breath entered his lungs. **"Charlotte, promise me you'll travel to Luniks, to Lëtzebuerg. You'll be accepted, without worries for existence, for who you are, I guarantee.."** Charlotte's brows remained furrowed, but the troubles on her mind remained, too. **"For me, bury me in nature.."*** \
*// A single gunshot echoes through the valleys, followed by the rustling of the trees from the birds escaping the site of the murder on Jacob Moritz. Her ears were folded flat on her head in anger, and she faced away from the now-deceased body of her old classmate that she had just taken the life of. The puddle of blood slowly grew, and dripped downwards into the forest beneath the cliff of their current valley. **"Lies!!"** Charlotte hissed through her teeth, which were kept gritted ever since she pulled the trigger. In a swift motion, she turned around and gave a firm kick to the deceased body at her feet, and with heavy breaths, she could only watch the puddle of blood grow as the warmth and colour gradually left Jacob's skin. **"No place is home for me. Neither here, neither there."** Slowly, her ears drooped upwards, and respecting his final wish, she grabbed Jacob's body by his jacket, and gently guided it down the slope of the cliff. Letting go, she watched it topple downwards, and her ears twitched as the sound of rustling leaves and impacts against the trees in the forest beneath reached an abrupt end. **"There's no such thing as utopia."***

*// "What was the holdup, Zeta?" Ypsilon suddenly asked over her earpiece, startling her for a moment, having forgotten they had been watching her the entire time. It left a shiver run through her body. No mission had gone under constant supervision before.* \
*// **"My mind caught up to me. I shook it off."** She sighed, her brows furrowed as she finished, her hand gripping tightly around her pistol's grip. Staring down at the forest beneath, another deep sigh left her lips as she closed her eyes.* \
*// "Good. Losing your focus is a slippery slope, Zeta. I hope you'll keep this in mind in your future missions. Do not let your past disturb your present. It will lead to your death."*

**!! Eventually, Ypsilon will develop into becoming the antagonist in Charlotte's arc for the Great Escape, which itself will tie in with the name of the story. Blinded by her past, with no hope for her future, she obeys and listens to whatever it is that Ypsilon orders for her, knowing no better. But now having met Miya, she learns that there *is* a better world out there, and over time, meeting other people just like her (Luniksan/Leremkovi races on Earth), means that a spark has been lit deep inside her mind. With Miya having promised to protect her at all costs, she learns that, after all, maybe Jacob *had* been right, and maybe Luniks *is* the right place for her. But leaving for Luniks would mean that Ypsilon would lose their most valuable asset. There is no chance that they'd let this happen.**

### Past, Present, Future
*"May this mission spearhead a successful collaboration, Zeta."*

A quiet sigh left her lips as she put her phone back in her pocket as her contact ended the connection between the two of them, leaving behind only the rustle of the wind through the blankets of leaves on the treetops above her. It was an ever familiar sound to her, one that she had frown used to throughout her youth. Coincidentally, the mission she had just accepted brought her exactly there: *Esch-sur-Alzette*, located within the hills on the doorstep of the Ardennes in the south of Lëtzebuerg. She'd spent many hours here together with her parents when she was still young, and even though the memories of going out camping and hiking with her family swirled through her head, the feeling of cold iron on the right of her waist reminded her of her present. Holstered on her right leg was her tried and tested Hammerhead pistol, one that had seen action for almost ten years straight. An **SP-17**, complete with a customised silencer and customised grip, issued to her soon after she fell victim to the cruel circuit she had been lost deep within in since. The endless lifecycle of a hitman-for-hire, taking on missions to take the lives of others, simply to pursue their own. For Charlotte, this was the only life she had grown to known. \
The buzz on her phone made Charlotte's fingertips leave the cold barrel of her pistol, and taking it out of her pocket once more, her new contact supplied the vital information to her. *"Ypsilon"*, their name was, and despite claiming to have been in the hitman circuit for decades, she was exceptionally sceptical about their abilities. But shaking her head, she knew that this wasn't the time to worry about who sat behind that mask right now, and looking at her phone. her eyes widened as soon as she read her new target's name. **"Jacob Moritz.."** She mumbled to herself, memories flashing before her eyes while they absentmindedly continued reading the rest of the text. A time and location were named, and it was up to her to figure out a way to tie all this information together into a bullet that would pierce through his head perfectly. Inhaling deeply, she exhaled deeply soon afterwards, letting all the memories exit along her breath. **"Jacob was a classmate in college.."** Her mind whispered to her. But money was on the line, and she was well aware that time was of the essence. There'd be enough time for her to dwell on her thoughts after completing the mission, regardless of who, regardless of where, and furrowing her brows, her ears folded backwards slightly as she took the first of many steps to come through the tightly-packed forest she stood within.

*"Your target has reached Léiffrächen. Ending contact."* Ypsilon informed her over her earpiece, and with her ears continuing to twitch back and forth as they listened to the combined ambience of the forest and Ypsilon's intel, they gradually folded downwards as she zoned in for the mission to come. Despite the cryptic messages and eerie tone to their voice, so far, Ypsilon had been absolutely correct about every call. It was a type of pinpoint precision that she hadn't experienced with any other client before, but one that raised concerns for her, too.


## May 7th, 2075 - Duisburg, Germany
### What more lingers in the air
Deep into the night, deep into an underground, once thought to be abandoned club in the very heart of what once was Duisburg, Germany. An endless spiral of crime had brought the city down to the ground, a fate that many big cities throughout Earth had experienced, and a fate that was also all too familiar on nations on Lúniks, too. Crime spiralled out of control, and soon, an influx of drug trade and illegal activities would keep all of these cities in dismay for the foreseeable future. And as a result, it wasn't uncommon for hitmen to find their way here, too. After all, with a crime-infested city such as this, bounties ought to be claimed, and who better to claim them than freelance hitmen?

Two knocks on the bar table next to her brought her back to her attention, and with her ears perked upright, she removed the earbuds that were clipped to her ears and looked to her left where the tapping had come from. It was an unfamiliar face to her, but one she could only imagine to be her client. After all, a quick glance at the clock hanging above the doorframe told her that her supposed client was a minute early to arrive, standing beside her at 22:44, instead of 22:45. **"Client Masi..?"** She asked with a puzzled expression on her face, her right hand moving to rest on her thigh, standing ready in case it was someone other than the client after all, but instead, the person to her left simply nodded. *"Surprised you remember my name, you must be Charlotte?"* \
Charlotte simply nodded back. **"One of many names I've borne."** She sighed, averting her eyes away from the client, and instead faced the crowd that was listening to the loud techno music that was blasting at the very end of the stage. Her eyes remained drawn to the stage, but her ears diverted her attention back to her client-to-be. **"You're not here without reason, are you?"** She said, raising her tone just slightly in annoyance. The man behind laughed quietly, and gesturing towards the bartender for a glass of whiskey, his attention returned to Charlotte, too. *"Of course not! Would I take your treasured time in desolate Germany just to treat you for a glass of liquor?"* He laughed, and nodding to the bartender upon receiving his requested glass, his tone shifted into one that was a little deeper and more professional. *"Timoth Makro. Affiliated with the Brandt faction. Supposedly has a faction of his own in Mülheim, produces Neurokicks there. Something along those lines."* He began, and ruffling through his jacket, he took out a small, A5-sized folder with a mugshot and important info related to this supposed "Timoth". *"Not much more I know, except for this. Bounty's climbing to €1,5 million. You're getting 10% of that. In it?"* \
Turning around once more, she sighed quietly under her breath, and taking the small folder that was on the bar table, she inspected the mugshot thoroughly, pointing out a small scar on his cheek, discolouration on his nose, and a scruffy, short beard. **"Mülheim?"** She asked, her eyes averting from the mugshot to those of the client before her, idly flipping through the pages as she thought to herself out loud. A 20% share of that bounty on his head would set her steady for at least another month, and closing her eyes, she pinched the bridge of her nose, the music somehow becoming louder with each kick. **"Doable. Gone in a week."** She replied firmly, putting the folder in her own pocket and promptly holding out her hand, shaking it with the client that sat before her. Gesturing towards the bartender, she handed them a €20,- bill, and promptly stepped away from her chair, her long jacket waving behind her above her tail as she was suddenly abrupted by her client calling her name as her hand remained in her pocket, reaching for her earbuds. *"Hang on a sec', Charlotte!"* He smiled, stepping away from the barstool as he quickly followed behind her, guiding her just outside the door with his glass of whiskey in his offhand. *"Just out of pure curiosity, you've built up a reputation like that, while being so easily recognisable?"* He asked, his eyes averting to the top of her head, in awe at the size of the ears. Her left ear was more tainted than her other, bearing many scars and being chipped in multiple places, only an earring decorated it. Her brows furrowed. **"You've never seen a Vulpine before?"** She asked, slightly annoyed as she clipped one earbud to her ear stubbornly. *"Not that."* He sighed, averting his eyes to the right. **"You only know of me because of all the blood I've shed, no?"** Charlotte frowned, her voice deepening as her azure eyes deepened even further in colour, shimmering in the poorly-lit stairwell towards the main street. Staying quiet for just a moment, her client sighed, admitting defeat. *"I only knew your name, your hitlist, and your whereabouts."* He sighed, adjusting his hat slightly. *"Admittedly, not your appearance."* He continued, holding out his hand once more as a means of apologising, not willing to muddy the waters before even setting foot within them. Without much further thought, Charlotte shook his hand, a warm smile undoing the stern gaze that was on her face not even a minute ago. **"Let's keep it that way, Mr. Masi.."** She replied, a slight but warm smile on her face, as she clipped the other earbud to her ear as well. **"Here's how we'll stay in touch."** She began, turning around to face the door that led into the club they had just exited out of. It belonged to a club called **Bandidos Place**, an almost century-old club that had seen much, much better days in the past, and while it was still alive and well, in the death-ridden city of Duisburg, it wasn't much about the music anymore, but rather about the bounties that were to be claimed in the ever-growing drugs circuits. **"Bands tend to play here every now and again too."** Charlotte smiled, pointing at the wall to the left of the door, with at least ten layers of posters and advertisements having been plastered over it in the past year. **"Professional Porch Pirates plays here, your target is dead."** She began. **"If Roadkill Deer plays here, your target has fled, and the kill will be delayed."** She continued, and averting her eyes to the client, her brows furrowed once more. **"If neither band plays, I'm dead."** \
Her client's eyes opened wide upon the mere thought, and watching Charlotte turn around, he could only watch her climb up the stairs into the endless sea of streetlights illuminating the barren city deep into the evening. **"Hope you like rock, dear client."** She giggled, looking backwards over her shoulder once more as she ascended the flight of stairs. **"Triple P has been doing great. You won't want to miss that performance here next week."**

## May 24th, 2075 - Washington, Southern States
### Washington interlude - 
With Miya and Charlotte resting a bit longer in the safehouse in Washington before they'll have to head out to the mission in Oslo, Miya is simply laying on the bed while Charlotte's in the bathroom taking a shower, hearing her hum slightly. Thinking for a second after having mindlessly scrolled on his phone for what felt like hours, he sits up and sighs. *"Might as well get a workout in, then.."* He mumbles to himself. Considering he would go take a shower after Charlotte's done, it would make sense for him to sweat and exhaust himself a bit so he can take a hot, relaxing shower after he's done. Hopping up from the bed, Miya begins with his workout by stretching for no more than ten minutes and shortly afterwards starts doing a few simple sit-ups and push-ups.

With Miya and Charlotte resting a bit longer in the safehouse in Washington before their flight to Oslo would bring them to their next mission, Miya is simply laying in bed. With Charlotte in the bathroom taking a shower to freshen up, her quiet hum reverberates even through the bedroom, distracting Miya just slightly from scrolling through his phone mindlessly. Sitting upright, he sighs quietly. *"Might as well get a workout in, then.."* He mumbles to himself. Considering he would take a shower after Charlotte'd finish, it'd only make sense for him to sweat and exhaust himself a bit before washing it off with a hot, relaxing shower as soon as he's done. Hopping up from the bed, he begins his workout by stretching for no more than ten minutes, and shortly afterwards, a few simple sit-ups set forth his routine while Charlotte's humming in the background slowly fades out together with the sound of the shower reaching an end, too. \
Another minutes pass, and with the sound of the bathroom door opening, Miya's gaze shifts to his right while still in the middle of a sit-up rep. Stepping through the door, his eyes land on Charlotte, who was wearing nothing more than a simple pair of joggers and a loose t-shirt, and with her hair and tail still damp, a quiet sigh leaves her lips as she drops her towel behind her in the makeshift laundry box. **"I'm all done with the sho-"** She began, glancing into the bedroom to inform Miya that he'd be able to shower if he wanted to. But caught off guard from the very second her eyes landed on her hitman partner, finishing her sentence was out of the question, her slightly red cheeks deepening in colour almost instantly as her ears drooped to the sides. Averting her gaze from Miya in embarrassment, she inhales deeply, her mind completely scrambled just from the sight. **"You.. could've said you were working out..-"** \
*"Can't really tell you that I'm working out if you're in the shower, right?"* Miya smiled back at Charlotte, taking a hold of a bottle of water on the countertop and taking a swig of it. Having taken off his shirt in the middle of his workout, he was about to finish up fairly soon, expecting Charlotte to shower a bit longer with the extra care that her Vulpine features would need. *"Besides, it was out of the blue."* He continued, putting the water bottle away once more as he continued to finish his current rep of sit-ups, huffing in-between his words. *"I didn't.. really feel like.. lazing around on the bed anymore.."* \
**"Could've tapped the door.."** Charlotte mumbled under her breath, her eyes slowly returning to Miya's as she watched him continue the last stretch of his workout. Her ears perked upright once more as she shook away the embarrassment, and despite her cherry-red cheeks, a warm smile appeared on her face, her tail still twitching slightly from the dampness from the shower. **"The shower's yours as soon as you're done."** She smiled, trying to peel her eyes off Miya again, deeply struggling to keep a straight face the longer she stared at him working out. **"I-I'll check in with Ypsilon for the flight and mission..-"** \
Finishing up, Miya grabs the water bottle once more and finishes it in its entirety before getting up once more. Taking a fresh shirt from his back, so do the rest of his clothes as he steps out of the doorframe. *"Alright, shower time it is, then."* He smiled, glancing at Charlotte's still-blushing face as he walks past her, and before long, that smile turns into a smirk as his hand lowers down to her waist, brushing slightly and gently over her still-damp tail. *"Hmm, still pretty soft while wet."* He chuckles softly, startling and catching Charlotte off guard completely. In reflex, her tail twitches and wraps around her waist in an instant as her ears jump upwards, and while the red tint on her cheeks had slowly been dissipating over the past few seconds, it now turned even redder than it had been before. **"Y-you..-?!"** She yelped in surprise, instinctively moving her hand to her tail to cover it as she stared at Miya's back, and despite not seeing his expression on his face, she knew that his smirk was still ever present. Before long, he disappeared behind the bathroom door, and still stunlocked and shook in place, the same odd feeling that she had felt the first time she saw Miya returned to her stomach. That fluttery, inexplicable feeling swirling through her body and mind, having disturbed her in London, Paris, and now, Washington. After all these years of being in the dark, hiding in the shadows of herself, taking the lives of others to pursue her own and to hide her true self, something simple as Miya brushing her tail even for a second confused her to her core. She felt *seen*, but in no way did it feel negative. Instead, it felt affirming, it felt genuine. Despite her Vulpine features setting her apart from the rest of the world, that didn't seem to be an issue to Miya, the same way it wasn't an issue for her mother. But to the rest of the world, it was the root of evil. **"Oh, Miya.."** She sighed under her breath, having let go of her tail as it twitched occasionally behind her back. **"Wat méchs du mat mir?** (*What are you doing to me?*)**"** \
Another quiet sigh left her lips as she continued to stare blindly at the bathroom door, hearing the shower turn on as Miya stepped underneath. Lost in thought for a few more seconds, she finally shook off her feelings, and took her phone from her joggers's pocket. **"Right.."** She began, the faint smile on her face slowly disappearing as she gradually settled into her more serious self once more. **"Time to inform with Ypsilon.."**

The gentle trickling sound of the shower echoed down into the living room as a quiet sigh left her lips, and with her ears drooping to the sides slightly, she inhaled deeply, reading the name of the contact that she had opened up on her phone. *"Ypsilon."* It read, and a phone number was the only thing that Charlotte knew about them. Exhaling quietly through her nose, she pressed the dial button, and after the call went through, her ears perked up immediately upon hearing the first ‒ and only ‒ beep. **"Ypsilon."** She began, the dreamy voice of a minute ago having been exchanged completely with her more serious tone. \
*"Zeta."* The same, neutral yet mysterious voice replied to her. Despite having overseen countless missions together in the past, not once had they taken off their cloak, or stepped out of the shadows to reveal themselves to Charlotte. **"I'm requesting intel for the upcoming objective in Oslo."** She began, the serious and stern tone in her voice remaining ever present; A voice that even Miya hadn't heard from her just yet. \
*"Sven Persson, aged 24. Oslo-born descendant of the "Legendary Persson Twins," who ravaged Oslo in 2059 and turned it into the mess it is today. Unlike his father, Lars, he is not on the frontlines, but likes to hide in a bunker. Late May, he will oversee the residents of Oslo personally, however. A prime opportunity."* \
Charlotte closed her eyes, almost unimpressed by the description. **"One of many.."** She thought to herself, already able to trace a description like this back to a number of kills she had completed in the past decade, some of which she even completed under Ypsilon's guidance. **"Boring."** She snickered, the tip of her tail twitching as her eyes reopened and veered off into the distance through the window in the safehouse. Between the endless seas of skyscrapers, the sun was already long on its descent towards below the horizon. **"How much highrise does Oslo have?"** \
*"None which are easily accessible by you."* \
Her brows furrowed. **"That doesn't answer the question, Ypsilon."** The tone in her voice deepened, but Ypsilon didn't seem to care too much about it. *"Hvitetårnet and the Ryggshuset will be your best opportunities. But these will be heavily guarded as soon as Sven will make a public appearance."* \
She sighed deeply, but refused to let her confidence dwindle. **"Make sure there will be an HR-62 available at the safehouse in Oslo."** She smirked, her eyes remaining drawn to the skyscrapers beyond their safehouse, already giving her an idea as to how Oslo could look, and how she could sketch out an approach, a location, and a path for the bullet to travel. An HR-62 would be the best of both worlds: High lethality at long range, but versatile enough for close range combat, if necessary. **"I will relay once in Norway, Ypsilon. Ending contact."**

Pressing the dial on the phone after taking it from her ear, the shower had turned off at the exact same moment, and a little thereafter, the bathroom's doorknob turned and revealed a freshened-up Miya stepping out right behind it. A slightly smile appeared on the both of their faces, with Charlotte's smile almost immediately accentuated with an increasingly deepening blush on her cheeks, but shaking it off, she didn't want to distract herself too much. **"I contacted Ypsilon."** She began, putting the phone in her pocket before continuing. **"Secured a DMR, and plotted out a point that could give us a path for an easy contract completion."** She said, a hint of warmth decorating her otherwise neutral and slightly serious tone in her voice, and the longer she looked at Miya, the wider her smile became, breaking her seriousness and revealing her sensitive, more emotional self to him once more. **"Just now, though.."** She started, her left hand covering the blush on her face slightly while her other hand rested on her tail that she wrapped around her waist. **"I.."** She stammered, struggling to find the words, her eyes averting to the wall to her right. **"You.. did that.. so-"** The blush on her face deepened, and her ears facing to her back only revealed her emotions to Miya in the highest definition possible. **"Does it not bother you, at all..? It's not.. I'm not, yet..-"** \
*"Bother me?"* Miya snickered to himself and approached Charlotte, the two of them sitting down on the sofa, a wide smile on his face that she had come to know whenever Miya was in a good mood. And who wouldn't be in a good mood after taking a hot shower after an exhausting workout? \
*"If it would bother me, I wouldn't have touched it."* Miya continued. *"Hell, if your Vulpine features bothered me, we wouldn't be working together."* He sighed, and shaking his head with a smile, he gradually averted his faze downwards to the floor. *"I wouldn't have bothered to try having a conversation with you, I wouldn't have protected you from the person I've worked for and known longer than you, and most importantly.."* His eyes returned to face Charlotte's, a certain calmness in his voice, and a lightly smile remaining on his face. *"If it truly bothered me, I would've taken you out in London if I was one of the racist pigs like my boss."* \
Miya's voice had deepened slightly, giving off a much more serious tone as he looked at Charlotte, but almost immediately, his eyes widened as it was exchanged yet again for a different tone of voice before he continued. *"But.. I guess I should've first asked about touching it. I've got no clue how sensitive your tail and ears are, and I'm just prone to liking soft things.."* He said nervously, scratching the back of his head, averting his eyes away from Charlotte once more, thinking he might've overstepped it and done something wrong after all. \
**"No.. it's really fine.."** Charlotte smiled, her tail twitching as if it had a mind of her own as it was mentioned over and over again as Miya went over his thoughts. **"You just caught me off guard, that's all.."** She chuckled, her smile widening and her cheeks turning a deep, cherry red once again the longer she thought it over, replaying the scene as it happened in her head time and time again, the fluttery feeling in her stomach returning every time it did. **"After ten years of isolation, maybe it's just a feeling I've forgotten.."** She continued, her smile becoming troubled just slightly, before she shook off the negativity surrounding her memories from her past, her childhood, the racism she had to endure, and instead, focused on that singular spark she felt from something as minute as Miya brushing her tail even for a moment. **"So I should.. thank you, instead, Miya."** \
Miya's nervous expression went away as he jokingly wiped the non-existent sweat from his forehead, and sighing softly, his expression brightened up again. *"Well, whenever you need to feel that feeling again that you had forgotten again.."* He began, placing a hand on Charlotte's shoulder, nodding back towards her tail. *"I'll be glad to help you out whenever."* He smiled softly like he normally always did, still not really knowing hot intimate it really is to brush a Vulpine's tail. But it didn't matter to him at the moment, he simply wanted Charlotte to feel calm and at ease, knowing what kind of racism she had to endure, the level of stress she must've been put under all those years. To him, it was a gesture to a friend, with no romance behind it, but Charlotte's stomach was telling her an entirely different story, her red cheeks only deepening further in colour the longer her thoughts got lost in a spiral. **"I'll.. save it for later.."** She mumbled back under her breath averting her eyes from Miya in embarrassment as her tail wrapped tightly around her waist, with her hand resting on top of it in a natural and almost automatic manner. Her ears were still folded flat facing her back, presenting her feeling of embarrassment to Miya if her cherry-red face wasn't doing so enough already. The butterflies in her stomach continued to flutter the longer she put her mind to it, and even if Miya considered it platonic, Charlotte's mind was telling her that it was anything *but* platonic. After years and years of feeling empty, hollow, and dejected from her surroundings, from the way that every person in her close and distant circles had treated her, it was a light in the dark in the shadow of herself that she had fallen into long ago. But that shadow was a place that the two of them would be forced to stand within for at least a little while longer, and shaking her head, Charlotte cleared her fluttery and dreamy thoughts, and exchanged them with the same words that Ypsilon had said to her before Miya had finished with his shower. Rubbing her face to hide her blushing cheeks, the warm smile continued to radiate off her face before it gradually began to dissipate again. **"A-anyway.."** She began, her ears folding back upwards into their normal, idle positions while her tail remained tightly wrapped around her waist, held in place by both of her hands, as she shuffled in place to face Miya more straight-on. **"I asked Ypsilon about the highrise in Oslo, and it turns out that most of the highrise is either abandoned, heavily secured, or outright demolished since 2062. I secured a DMR for that reason, to create as much flexibility as I can in case we need to adjust on the fly."** She continued, her voice deepening as she went, her ears pointing right upwards to the sky the more she began to zone into the mission that was waiting for them in the coming week. **"Sven Persson, our target, is heavily guarded, and spends the majority of the time in inaccessible bunkers following what happened when his father, Lars, was assassinated in Drammen."** Standing up, she took a hold of a piece of paper, and in rough lines, she sketched out the path that Ypsilon had explained to her, giving Miya a visual backup to the plan that was to come. **"The Hvitetårnet should be accessible, and minimally guarded."** She began, drawing a simple rectangle as viewed from above, and drawing a dotted line, she laid out the path that Ypsilon expected Sven to take throughout the outskirts of Oslo. It was reminiscent of a presidential parade, or a traditional march throughout the city. To do so for a youngster that merely inherited the role from his father, who was already riding his luck throughout the Oslo Revolution, was simply foolish. But being foolish was the exact reason that this opportunity showed up in the first place. **"Floor seven is abandoned and dusty altogether, and inaccessible entirely."** Charlotte flipped the paper and drew a sketch of the barricaded elevator shaft and doors that led into the empty seventh floor of the tower. But drawing an arrow to the right, she continued to explain. **"Except for here."** She smiled slightly. **"There's a little backdoor that can push open with enough force. The two of us can push through easily, I bet. From there on, it's simply a matter of lining up and counting the seconds, and for me to pull the trigger and for us to escape~!"**

