# Backstories
Each character within **Travel Risk** has a reason why they landed in the situation they find themselves in within the present day. Such as **Nils**, who originally dipped his fingers into grey market trading in order to fund the travel and living costs for his parents returning to **France**, and **Raléi**, who has been meddling with the authorities for as long as she can remember, and instead opted to start a safe haven for those that were brought into the bad cultures that arose in *Fallen Máneá* and *Zakh'háfo* by force. 

## Nils
### Direct Family
Nils has always been a leading figure in taking care of his aging parents. Originally from **Bordeaux, France**, they moved to **Bwiskvá, United Máneá** in hopes to find a better living there. And while they initially had a fantastic time there in their first years, that quickly started to dwindle away as the civil unrest grew day in day out, eventually leading to the *Collapse of United Máneá* in 2039, which immediately led to the collapse of the economy and various cities within the now suddenly-divided country of **Zakh'háfo**. Nils's parents had no influence, opinion, or stances on whether Zakh'háfo should have become independent, but now that it suddenly became an independent nation, the dream of living easily for the rest of their lives became troublesome and grim. 

With the nation in shambles, Nils's parents were forced to stay in Bwiskvá and deal with the collapsing economy and wellbeing of the city one way or another. Because of this, Nils didn't have the childhood that his parents had aspired to give him, but as he aged, it became a goal for Nils to restore the dream that his parents had: Live carefree. And with both Máneá and Zakh'háfo having been left to ruin, returning to **France** seemed to be the only viable option.

### Grey Markets and netrunning
Reaching his twenties, Nils had no option other than to get to working, fast. His dream was to leave his own wellbeing and life for what it was, and he even went as far as living on the streets, as long as it meant that every cent that he earned would go to his parents' funding to return to **France**. To achieve this, he moved out into a single-room apartment in Nepestésá to lessen the burden on his parents, and from there on he would begin his *netrunning career*. This was an extremely risky path for him to take, but one he was confident enough in that it would pay off. Without any sort of neurotech in his body, he would have to do small robberies and acts of theft by his mind and skills alone. And to everyone's surprise, it had paid off, and his parents were able to sell their house in Bwiskvá and move back to Bordeaux, France.

### Meeting Antoine, entering Dáritke
In one of his last tasks for his freelance netrunning career, he stumbled upon Antoine Rousseau, who had received an identical task that Nils had been given as well. In turn, the two became good friends and completed their mission, and had quickly grown closer together to become a stellar duo. A few months into their collaborative acts of robbery, Antoine receives an invitation to work for **Dáritke**, and passed the invite along to Nils. Ever since, his **Travel Risk** story begins, and in his first mission he is interrupted by agents from **The Agency**, meeting **Raléi** and stepping out of Dáritke the very same day he was introduced to them. 

## Raléi
### Rug pull
Raléi had been meddling with the grey sections of the law for as long as she could remember. She would often be seen carrying more harmless and street drugs such as simple packets of weed ever since she had turned 18 years old. Having lost her mother at age 16 in an accident after she was found in the wrong place at the wrong time, she quickly lost contact with her dad and was left to survive on her own in the ever collapsing city of Deth-Kelétam. In hopes to find a more stable living, she comes in contact with **Dáritke**, which was still in its early starting stages at that time. 
### Loose Ends
After her slow first years as she gradually aged and learned along the way, she is finally sent on a first netrunning mission at the age of 28, having practiced various martial arts and having undergone various neurotech surgeries as well for a more easy approach to these various missions. She had grown to know **Gustavo**, the founder and owner of the **Dáritke** Agency, as well as **Mitch**, a more experienced but also older netrunner. The three become a golden trio, with Gustavo finding points of interest and Mitch and Raléi execute the mission without a trace. \
Despite the synergy between the three, more tensions arise between Mitch and Raléi, as the two more frequently come into disagreements on how to approach missions together. Mitch's health began to fall behind while Raléi's ever improved with the increased additions of neurotech in her body. Despite the saying that *"Nobody ever leaves Dáritke alive"*, Raléi beats the odds and meets **Alex** in **Kristánisin**, granting her an open door into **The Agency**.
### Warm Welcome 
Ever since Raléi was acquired by The Agency, her life and wellbeing returned to her upwards curve, and she obtained a leadership role under the supervision of Alex. This didn't rule her out of any missions that required physical activity, and with 5 years of mastered martial arts under her belt and a fresh blade hidden underneath her left wrist, nothing could get in the way or Raléi anymore. 

## Mika
