# LUCKY WATER
## FOCUS ONE: LUCKY WATER
**Lucky Water** is an injection drug that tricks and forces your brain into producing excess dopamine and stress-relieving hormones, giving the user an extra kick akin to anti-depressants. It's especially popular in both **Zakh'háfo** and **Máneá**, both for the same reason, which is that the economy collapsed during the conflict between the two newly-formed nations, leading to a drastic decline in standard health and wellbeing of its inhabitants. **Lucky Water** serves as an anti-depressant that adds an extra bit of dopamine and hallucinating effect, making the user forget their state of despair. \
A *side-effect* is that **Lucky Water Defect** develops as the user continues to take the drug, making them fully dependant on the drug and further harming them because their brains begin to struggle producing regular hormones. This is a serious risk of health and paired with **Leremkov**, it can rapidly kill a person from the stress that their mind and body undergo. \
When *spilled* or poorly discarded of, **Lucky Water** emits a strong odour that looms in the atmosphere of the city, which is one of the reasons it's deemed **unsafe** to travel to, unless desperately needed.

Below are various stories that will be extracted towards [[TRAVEL RISK - STORY]] over time.

### Drafted Story: the uuuhh
*// Note: This story is currently subject to extraction. A specific chapter is yet to be decided on.*

Driving down the eerily quiet highway into Deth-Kelétam, is an otherwise inconspicuous sedan, carrying an important set of documents. For the first time since his first introduction to Raléi and *The Agency*, Nils took his second task together with Omáti, another contact that Raléi had introduced to him. The driver was another mysterious and unnamed man, similar to the guards that shouldered him when he first delivered the bag back then. Without putting too much thought to it, Nils rolls down the window, his expression immediately changing from curiosity to disgust as he reaches for his nose, pinching it, while the window immediately closes. **"Oh.. what the fuck..!"** He exclaims, the toxic air seeping into his eyes and nose. **"It reeks..! Oh my god.."** \
From the front seat, Omáti laughs as he turns around to face Nils disgusted expression. *"Don't say I didn't warn you! It's so much worse at the edge of the city, many bottles get wasted in the gutters here, that smell is no joke!"* \
Getting back to his senses, Nils looks into the rear view mirror, spotting that the driver cracked a smile. *"Not so expressionless after all.."* he thought to himself, still getting a weird feeling from the otherwise mysterious appearance and behaviour of all the guards. **"How long until we're there, anyway? I walked from Kristánisin last time, never by car."** He asked to both Omáti and the driver, who quickly responded without much thought. *"Not my first rodeo here, should be another minute or five, just at the corner of Czerébti and we're there!"*

Before long, the driver turned the car around its last corner, and entered a hidden garage that opened after the license plate was scanned. More similar cars appeared, as well as a blue-dressed guard at the very end of the garage. *"A splash of colour after all."* Nils thought to himself, taking the binder with documents in his hand and exiting the car with Omáti. 
