# NEUROKICK
## FOCUS TWO: NEUROKICK
**NEUROKICK** is an electronic injection-type drug that greatly exaggerates the visual feedback the brain can produce. This additionally forces the user to enter a REM sleep, where the rest of the drug continues its effect during the forced dream state. \
**NEUROKICK** is a *2080 greenlit drug* that was originally used for science within the booming science area in *Amadnésam*, but ever since the **Collapse of United Máneá**, the technology used for the scientific research quickly ended up on the streets, and various clones appeared, all providing the same result in altered forms. 

## Functionality
### 2080 Greenlit program
In its original intended usage, the recipient of the drug will be placed on a bed conforming to *Máneán Hospital standards*, where two doctors will observe and monitor the effects and dosage of the drug. In test stages in **2078**, a chip would be implanted in the recipient's brain, just above their ear, but since **2080**, this location has been moved to the wrist to increase the safety of the recipient. \
The implanted chip is connected via a slim wire, which connects to the terminal that the dosage is loaded upon. Upon activation, the recipient may experience vibrant colours while their brain adjusts to the extreme load that is being put upon their senses, before being forced into a sleep where the rest of the dosage takes hold of their imagination and dreams. When the dosage runs out, the dreams reportedly become weirder and less logical as compared to during the dosage, until they exit the REM stage and enter a light sleep, which lasts about another one or two hours. \
Originally, this process was intended to research the various effects that electronic signals would have on the human brain during sleep, and whether or not these would enhance imagination where the regular "awake" state of the brain would be limited. This initially received backlash and was believed to "keep people working 24/7", but has since gained positive support when the first results rolled in. 

After the **Máneán collapse**, the institute that researched this technology escaped to Rhódisz and Kérisant, where they continue to evolve the technology in safe hands.

### Máneán collapse and street clones
After the collapse of **United Mánea** in *2089*, any sort of security was quickly lost and classified technology and research found the streets in no-time. This means that next to **NEUROKICK**, other means of research were soon found on the streets in dark alleyways, either sold for a high price, or faked and sold for a low one. Experimental weaponry, as well as body modifications using electronics and so-called cyberwear, quickly ended up in unauthorised areas with an intent of harm. 

A key change in the method is that the drug is now completely *standalone*, and no longer needs the external monitoring nor the external doctors or applicants that supply the drug. This makes the drug easier to apply by a single person. Additionally, the chip is not ejected after usage, and can be used *numerous times*, making it much more attractive for those that are looking for a frequent kick, rather than a dedicated research kick. 

The danger curve is straightforward: The higher the price, the higher quality the chip and controller you're getting, and as the price declines, the risk of getting a *fake* or *harmful* controller increase, which can give you an adverse effect and can stimulate your brain enough to enter a coma, which is something that more and more frequently happens as the economy continues to crumble. 

### Drafted Story: Watch your steps

*// POV: Mika*

*"Floor 3. Server room A6D. Vault 35. Tray 12. Neurokicks are there. Extract the tray. Watch your step. Good luck."*

**"The usual."** I think to myself, as I lock my phone, seeing my masked face in the reflection. It wasn't the prettiest of designs, but the yellow lines on the mask did differentiate me from the others. It wasn't an oddity for people like me to wear simple scarfs or masks while on a mission like this, but it was more than important to know just who you're up against. *Dáritke* wore yellow, the *Agency* would usually wear cyan or turquoise, and the police would always show up in black and silver. The second you see silver shimmer in the corner of your eye, it's already be too late. 

Putting my phone in my pocket, I check my pistol in the other, feeling its heat even through the glove I was wearing. It were experimental weapons, but they served their purpose: Harmless takedowns. *"Keep your weapons armed and warmed"* was always said before missions, *"You don't want that failing on you in combat."* Shaking my head, and gently slapping my own cheeks to keep myself awake and focused, I gradually make my way up the tower to the third floor. I was in the garbage disposal area, where cameras were limited. Having done a similar mission a couple of times before, it wasn't tough for me to break my way into the tower, picking the electronic lock with ease, simply by tapping my wrist against it. That by itself isn't something most runners do, because you don't know how much a surgery like that would impact you, but it was a given for me. I've been doing such missions since I was young, picking locks and backdoors with electronics and neurotech, so this was a given for me, and a way for me to further develop any sorts of skills I had acquired, and those that lay before me would be even easier to achieve.

Nevertheless, I quietly closed the door behind me, and put on the slim earpiece from my bag that was given to me. Taking out a stopwatch as well, I took a deep breath, and pressed start on the timer, whispering **"Entry successful. Quiet steps now."** into the earpiece as a means of a log, before quietly making my way up to the third floor. 

Before long, I'd made my way to the third floor without getting noticed, and entered the server room I had to be in, keeping the door open behind me as a means of easily remembering where to exit from again. **"Vault 35.. Tray 12.. 35.. 12.."** I muttered to myself, double checking very noise that echoed through the surprisingly quiet server room, in hopes that there'd be no security check right at this very moment. They always happen hourly, and if timed right, I could empty this entire tray into my bag and make my way out even quicker than I entered. Taking a deep, but quiet breath, I open the server rack the same way I opened the backdoor, and quietly opened the huge, glass panel that kept every Neurokick sealed away securely, as far as "secure" goes, anyway. I counted the trays once more, ending at tray 12. and carefully placed every Neurokick that was on top of it in the backpack. It seemed easy enough, but something felt very off about just *how easy* this was going. Neurokicks shouldn't be this easily accessible, the fact I made my way to A6D was already quiet enough, and I made sure to avoid cameras, but at this point I became excessively nervous. Did I miss a camera? Are my ears failing me? I didn't bother thinking too deeply into what *could* happen, and put the last two Neurokicks in my back, keeping my focus on what *is* happening. 

Quietly zipping my bag up, I make my way back to the door where I had initially come from, only to find it closed again. **"Hadn't I kept that open..?"** I think to myself, ticked off far enough to rest my hand on my pistol, ready to confront anything that would step in front of my path to the exit, the weight of the Neurokicks noticeably pulling me down to the floor. The heat of the pistol was still prominent through my glove, I take it out of the holster, and start to walk around the server room. My senses told me that there was someone present in this very room, and had somehow entered without me hearing it. But, with hearing like mine, how?

*"Dumb fucking dog."*

A gunshot grazed my ear, and I immediately fired back across the aisle, nearly tripping over my own steps while more gunshots fly past me. I make my way behind one of the server racks, barely managing to scramble together another battery and figuring out how many shots I had left. 25 in total. I could fence this guy off with that. Fully aware that I was short on time, I checked my bag in a hasty manner, making sure to keep the Neurokicks safe, while equipping a simple old-school flashbang as well. 

*"Your steps aren't silent enough, not even your own ears pick it up. A flashbang most definitely won't help you keep quiet."* I heard the man giggle from nearby, much closer than I'd liked him to be. Once more, I realise that I hadn't heard him at all. He entered the room without any sound, and now stepped towards me without a single sound either. Was this guy supernatural? This seemed impossible. Taking a deep — and hopefully quiet enough — breath, I fire two shots to my left and a flashbang to my right, the loud bangs giving me enough time to crawl and climb on top of the server racks to track the guard down and subsequently take him down. I keep my pistol drawn, ignoring any sort of trigger disciplines that I was taught, knowing this pistol couldn't harm someone lethally, although I couldn't really care much about that anymore. 

My finger immediately draws to the trigger and instinctively aims to my southeast, hearing a single step and a quiet laugh as I slowly step backwards, away from his sounds. Any sort of trust I had in my own hearing was lost, especially with how weirdly this guard was moving between his positions from one moment into the other. I had 23 shots left, which should grant me enough ways to escape and keep myself safe, but I continued to hold my finger on the trigger, making no premature actions until I felt like I had no other options but to shoot. Keeping my pistol aimed at wherever his sounds were coming from, I started to scan around the room from above the server racks, locating and finding exits that could pose a safe way for me to extract. My eyes land on a stairwell at the edge of the server room, which would be about a 500 metre run. 

Lost in my thoughts, I once more failed to notice where the guard had moved, only to get reminded by a bullet that had hit my right lower leg. Losing my balance, I tip over and desperately try to break my fall from the server racks, already having lost where the shot even came from. I grinded my teeth in pain, wasting no time in wrapping a bandage around the wound, knowing that I was completely out of time, and had to make my way out, immediately. \
*"For a runner, it seems your journey ends here. Wounded, like prey."* \
I was starting to get sick of this guy's voice. \
*"And it seems like you are clueless as to what kind of predator you're up against."* \
Having had enough, I quit thinking rationally and pulled two pins, one smoke grenade, one decoy grenade, and responded snarkily before running off
**"You seem to be clueless about what you're guarding. Find a new job."**

Fighting through my wounds, I fired five more shots through the smoke that had filled the aisle, and ran for my life. The cybernetics that were put into my body years ago already finally fired up, giving me the strength I needed to deal with the gunshot wound for the time being. With adrenaline surging through my veins, I felt faster than ever before. Making my way to the door, I shoot twice before me and thrice behind me, destroying the terminal and forcing the door to open while sprinting towards it. **"The things I do for Dáritke.."** I mumble to myself, making my way out the door and descending three floors as fast as I could. Tapping my earpiece, I breathe heavily, struggling to properly create a highlight for the log as I stumble over my own words. **"A6D.. 32 12.. acquired-. Hostile activity.."** I manage to spurt out while clumsily reaching for my phone, dialling Vikram immediately.

*"Mika! Great to hear you! How's th-"* \
**"No time, Vikram. Neurokicks acquired, shots fired, find me an escape."** \
Clearing his throat, Vikram takes a second to collect his thoughts, adjusting to the sudden change of pace. \
*"Álef metro. Enter at Ald Nódori. Exit at Egórece. We'll await you there. Departs every 5."*
**"Egórece? Are you insane?"** \
*"Listen, Mika. Do you want to live, or do you want to die on the way out? I don't care that you cross through Kristánisin, The Agency won't have interest in you anyway. Just go, next in 4."* \
I shook my head, taking a deep breath upon reaching the ground floor while the sirens become ever so loud. \
**"Copy. Locking down and extracting. See you in Egórice."**
