# THREAD THE NEEDLE 
**Nikec Kráminsz**, who at this point has been the lead reason why peace talks between **Máneá** and **Zakh'háfo** are failing, receives his biggest mission to date: Take out the Vice President. \
Nikec has been eer improving his own skills, all while keeping his cloak and keeping himself hidden and out of the public. Thinking greatly of himself, and being unable to ignore the $10 million bounty that was put on Ristovélisim's head, he begins to plan.

Over the past weeks, Ristovélisim has been in talks with the representatives of Máneá, and their mayors and leaders of its various states. As a representative and Vice President himself, he represented the voice of Zakh'háfo in the peace talks, with unrest having persisted for the past two years, and nearing a breaking point and peace point simultaneously. 

Nikec's goal is simple: Silence Ristovélisim, and silence his voice, for eternity. With Ristovélisim out of the picture, the only motion of peace coming out of Zakh'háfo will be gone, meaning a possibility for Zakh'háfon freedom and independence could snowball into a reality.

The shock that the murder would generate would be enough for a total collapse of United Máneá, but with the traffic that was expected for Ristovélisim's announcement regarding the peace talks, he couldn't fire the shot within the vicinity of tens of thousands of people, and the **"Black Bullet"** leaving behind such a trace would void the bounty almost immediately. His departure from Deth-Kelétam would also be heavily guarded, so one option remained: Kill him during travel.

## THREAD THE NEEDLE - Story
### Licence to Kill
Two knocks on the door, and the rattling of the mailbox. A new opportunity at a mission just entered his apartment, and Nikec was well aware of this. *"Already?"* He mumbled to himself, still taking off his gloves and disassembling his rifle from the previous mission he had returned from just under an hour ago. Carefully placing down the disassembled rifle, he made his way to the doormat, and picked up the delicately stamped letter he received. *Klassifisáu (Classified)*, it read in cursive. Opening up the letter after returning to his rifle, his eyes opened wide, then narrowly read through the letter again, before his eyes opened wide again at the end of the letter. He let out a small chuckle of disbelief, as if what he just read was an elaborate joke. He put the letter back down on the table and continued to clean his rifle. But after another minute, he glanced back, the elegant stamp reminding him that it was indeed as official as it could possibly be. He'd received many strange missions before, but accepted and executed them without much further thought, but this one was particularly strange and unique.

He stood back up and took another glance at the letter, reading it out loud to himself this time around. *"He rëcívíst czi nota..-"* *("[You] are receiving this letter..")* He mumbled, carefully reading the paragraphs word for word, making sure to not miss anything odd or important. *"Ou imraskaéóg.. Ristovélisim?"* *("To kill (lit. impose death on) Ristovélisim")* \
He paused, sitting back down on the couch with a sweat breaking through his ice cold expression. The nickname he carried was the **"Black Bullet"**, which he earned through his seemingly endless spree of murders from the dark. Nikec never bothered to invest himself into the reason why he received a licence to kill, and was more about the task itself. But the name that was written on this letter wasn't just anyone: Nikec had received a licence to kill the Vice President of United Máneá, **Démëti Ristovélisim**. And as difficult as this task sounded, it wasn't without a cause. The death of Ristovélisim would snowball the collapse of United Máneá, which would free Zakh'háfo and give them the possibility to become an independent nation themselves, freed from the grip that Fsat-Hokh and the other cities in Máneá had over them. Killing Ristovélisim, would mean that Zakh'háfo would be free, something Nikec has been trying to achieve for years, something he has been meaning to reach for years. And with a licence, a $10 million payout, and a bullet, his lifelong dream could soon become reality.

Flipping the letter around, a list with bullet points was revealed, with certain dates and times where the organisation he worked for believed that Ristovélisim would pass through or arrive at. These would all be potential dates and times where he could lead and land a shot, but reading through the list, more worries and more questions arose as he thought to himself out loud, imagining the various scenarios. *"These are all in densely populated areas.."* He raised his hand to his chin, pondering deeply on how to approach this. Even with the payout of $10 million, even with the guarantee of freeing the nation he has been rallying for since his youth, the possibilities were limited. *"Anywhere I go, a shot would get traced, the result would be contained.."* \
He placed the letter back on the table, his other hand now joining on his chin as he stares deeply at his rifle. The suppressor wouldn't be enough, his location would be revealed in an instant, and escape routes would be virtually impossible. With the list of suggested times and places, he wouldn't be able to fire a shot from the dark. *"Although.."* He suddenly began, circling the suggested date of **August 4th**, the day that Ristovélisim would announce the plans for a peace treaty between Máneá and Zakh'háfo in the capital, **Fsat-Hokh**. But the day before, he would be in **Deth-Kelétam**, meaning there would be a means of travel between the two cities on **August 4th**. The puzzle pieces were falling into place, and Nikec could already imagine which scope to use, which calibre to fire, which rifle, which location. He grinned, in a mere second, the puzzle completed, and everything was laid out to him and made sense. He picked up the magazine from the rifle before him, carefully taking out the top bullet and inspecting it closely. He smirked, staring at his reflection in the polished, golden casing. *"Count your days, Démëti. Zakh'háfo will be free."*

### Thread the Needle
With his suitcase in hand, Nikec stepped out of the door of his apartment. He'd found a desolate spot past the highway that Ristovélisim would pass over on his way to Fsat-Hokh, and this would be the location he would take him of his life. Hanging a *do not disturb* sign over his doorknob, he closed and locked the door, leaving behind his "Armoury", as he preferred to call it. He'd never considered it to be his home, and it's been years since he'd actually been home as well. His parents weren't aware of what he was up to nowadays, and he quickly fell out of touch when they had moved to Thórirsant soon after he moved out. Back then, he pretended to be studying industrial technologies, but was already a hitman back then. His life had been one of many lies and deceptions, and walking down the stairwell, he knew this too. But he didn't want to think too much about his own history. He was about to make history today.

The hours flew by, and by the time he arrived at the train station of **Myddliva**, it was already well past 2pm. *"Intersect at 14.48. Black Mercedes. Plate reads "**MFH-0451**"* He pulled up his wrist to check his watch. *"14.23, should make haste."* \
Without a second thought, he swiftly stepped forward, exiting the station and making his way towards the highway. He was set to arrive a little beforehand, which meant that he would need to be extremely quick with setting up. Time was beginning to run out, but in the far distance, he could already spot the little shack he was looking for. One that would grant him enough shadow and enough space to set up, while being hidden from the rest of the passing cars. 

**14.40**. Nikec arrived on time, and placed his suitcase down on the floor beside the shack. There were still belongings from the highway workers that would come here every Friday, but well aware of the fact that they wouldn't show up out of the blue today, he set up his rifle on the ground, and began to analyse the traffic flow. *"Not too busy.."* He whispered to himself, making sure to stay out of sight as much as he possibly could. The lack of traffic meant that the escort for Ristovélisim would stand out. Traditionally, he would go through a 5-car escort, always being the fourth car in the line. *"Two trucks, front, end. Three sedans, sandwiched. Eye on fourth."* He continued, taking out his binoculars while his rifle was armed and ready for action. 

**14.46**. His heart was beating in his throat, but an icy chill instead spread through his body. Nikec was in his element. Adrenaline high, reaction speeds down to mere milliseconds. And with his eyes fixated on the curve in the highway in the distance, five black cars came into view. Lead by a truck, tailed by a truck, sandwiching three black sedans. *"There you are.."* Nikec smiled to himself, keeping his eyes on the fourth car to read the licence plate as it slowly neared. It was about two kilometres away now. *"MFH.."* he began, already beginning to move himself downwards to get himself in the right position for action. *"04.. 51.. bingo."*

**14.48**. The escort was now nearing his rifle, and through the scope he tracked the back seat like his life depended on it. After all, it almost quite literally did. A missed shot would mean the end of his **"Black Bullet"** reputation, and it would mean he would more easily be tracked down and imprisoned not only for his attempt on this murder, but especially for the murders of all the people that went before him. But without thinking too deeply about the possibilities of failure, only  the thought of freedom remained on his mind, the flag of Zakh'háfo waving in the blue sky, freely. \
Breathing in deeply, the swaying of the scope stopped, and his finger was itching on the trigger. *"Not yet.. not yet.."* he thought to himself, waiting for the exact right moment to fire. The wind had gone down, the clouds had come before the sun, putting him in the shadows perfectly. Everything lined up the way Nikec wanted and needed, and with a quiet *thunk*, the bullet exited the rifle through the suppressor, his stock pressing backwards into his shoulder, and everything now came down to fate. Exhaling deeply, he watched the windshield shatter, the bullet piercing through the glass and air, straight through Ristovélisim's head. The deal was done. Within the blink of an eye, the thought of a peace treaty left the world, the thought of a stable, United Máneá was gone. With a feint smile, Nikec returned behind the shack, disassembling his rifle and placing it back in the suitcase while the noise of screeching tyres echoed through the plains. Completing the puzzle in the suitcase, he picked everything back up and made his way towards the walkway near the sound barrier, disappearing from sight as quickly as he had appeared. The **"Black Bullet"** had been fired yet again, and with the thought of freedom being the only one in his mind, Nikec quietly laughs as he makes his way back towards the train station, whispering to himself while the panicked voices from the highway disappear into the distance.

*"Zakh'háfo will be free."*

### Down to Business
Three knocks on the door, and the rattling of the mailbox. The mission had been completed. Turning off the TV, which was still actively reporting the murder of *Vice President Ristovélisim*, Nikec made his way to the door and took the familiarly stamped letter from the doormat. But instead of *Klassifisáu* being written as usual, it now read *Kumpleáu (Congratulations)*, causing the first of many questions arising to him. Carefully, he opened the letter and returned to the couch, taking his time to open the letter and read through it carefully.

*"Kráminsz,*

*Phenomenal work. The nation is in disbelief and shock, and the topic of peace negotiations is being overshadowed by the topic of the murder of the Vice President. Nobody feels safe anymore, and this is the moment to shine for you, amongst many others, who want to see Zakh'háfon independence. Your payout had been sent, and is already available in your account by the time you read this letter. Kumpleáu. You are now a millionare.*

*Your next mission is as follows: August 19th, Amadnésam, Sk. Leipold 154. Renowned businessman **Gustavo Dáritke** will have his usual meeting here, and with the topic of drug production lignering around his businesses, I would like you to come inbetween the deals, and offer a bullet through his skull. Payout is $2 million.* 

*Good luck, Kráminsz."*

Placing the letter on the table, Nikec's hand returned to the ever familiar place on his chin, as he began to think to himself on how to approach this mission. Even with the fact he now had $10 million to his name, and that he could retire and live out the rest of his life at ease and in peace, being a hitman simply remained his job, and he couldn't exit this bubble so easily either. *"Amadnésam.."* He thought to himself, plotting out the trains he could take on the way there from his current apartment in his head. It would be a mere two-hour trip down to Sk. Leipold, and he was already familiar with the tower that he would need to be in on August 19th too. But this mission wasn't as simple as a marksman mission, he would need to sneak indoors, and take out **Gustavo Dáritke** with a simple pistol shot. But he wasn't a stranger to these antics either.

The days flew by, and when August 19th finally struck, he made his way out of his apartment as always, carrying a simple backpack that would carry his pistol, a spare magazine, and everyday goods to reduce his trace. The trip to Amadnésam went by in a breeze too, and walking towards the tower at Sk. Leipold, he prepared his weaponry. From his backpack, he took his pistol and hid it in the inner pocket of his jacket, the suppressor poking through the hole he had made, making sure it wouldn't change his chest profile drastically. His heart was beginning to climb to his throat again and the icy chill returned, and with adrenaline pumping through his veins, he kept his monotone look and stepped through the revolving door.

**13.15**. The business meeting with Dáritke should have started 15 minutes ago, and making his way to the 12th floor, Nikec scanned every room and respective room number. Every room featured glass, see-through walls, and privacy wasn't a concern in this building. Thinking to himself that it almost felt like a school, he walked past every room at least once, only peeking into windows for up to a second to not draw the attention of any passerby's or from Dáritke himself. Passing room 154, he spots a man that looks identical to the profile that was described, and in a mere second of looking into the room, he spots Dáritke at the end of the table, right at the door. *"Could be an easy walking shot."* Nikec thinks to himself, already disregarding the other people at the table. *"Those could be bodyguards,"* he mumbles quietly, already having passed the room and beginning his approach to complete a loop around the floor, *"Who am I kidding, why would they be?"*

**13.24**. Reappearing out of the bathroom, Nikec takes one last look at himself, maintaining his neutral and cold expression while slowly revealing the pistol out of his pocket. Giving it a proper inspection, he takes out the magazine to count the bullets, despite feeling confident enough he'd only need one. Putting the safety switch to **off**, he puts the suppressed pistol in the holster on his hip and makes his way out of the bathroom. It was time for action. 

**13.27**. Approaching room 154, Nikec realised that the door was made of a single sheet of wood, instead of being made out of glass like the rest of the walls, as a new idea sprung up in his mind. *"Approach. Pause at door. Shoot through door. Disappear."* He mumbled to himself, the adrenaline giving him the confidence and energy required to make a sprint and run away in the event that he needed to. But keeping his cool, he approaches the room, and takes a final look through the glass walls. *"Same positions, same protocol."* He thinks to himself, seeing that the meeting and discussions were as lively as ever, and Dáritke was still seated at the door. This should be the easiest kill of his life. \
Passing by the room, he pauses at the door, remaining out of sight from any angle as he takes his pistol out of its holster. Taking a deep breath and holding it, he raises the gun while picturing Dáritke's position behind the door. Standing dead still in his tracks, his finger moves to the trigger, as he carefully pulls it towards the grip, and a quiet *thunk* exits the suppressor.

**13.28**. Panic ensues, but taking a peek through the bullet hole that he had just created, Nikec fails to see any sort of red. *"Dáritke moved"* he stammers, his eyes opening wide as his target was looking straight at the bullet hole, meeting one another. **"There's a gunman!"** he yells out in panic, frantically reaching for his own pistol while the other people at the table are quick to do the same. Nikec was in trouble, a *lot* of trouble. His rock steady reputation as the **Black Bullet** was now crumbling apart right before his very own eyes. Not only had he missed, he was also seen by not one, but at least ten different people at the same time. His identity was traced, and if he didn't make his way out of the building as soon as he possibly could, it would be over for him at this very moment. \
The glass windows shattered into pieces before him one by one, as the bullets flew through them from every angle. The counterattack was in full force, and with a mere suppressed pistol and one magazine, Nikec was outnumbered greatly. His adrenaline was giving up on him, a stark contrast of strength and the lack thereof battling for control in his mind while he struggles to get moving, to get fleeing. A bullet pierced his shoulder on his way towards the stairwell, another hitting his back, causing him to stumble over and collapse on the floor, dropping his pistol before him. **"I'm honoured. A hitman? For me?"** Dáritke's voice echoed from the distance, his steps closing in on where Nikec dropped to the floor while the other businessmen locked down every other hallway and angle. Turning around with a hand resting on his abdomen, Nikec struggled to breathe while looking down the barrel of Dáritke's golden pistol. He couldn't move, he couldn't react, but the memory of Ristovélisim's murder returned to his mind, a wide smile appearing on his face with the vision of the Zakh'háfon flag waving freely in the blue sky returning to his thoughts once more. The barrel of the golden pistol faded away into the distance, Nikec's vision was getting blurry, he was bleeding out, fast. But he knew that even if he would get killed here, the damage would already be done, and he would forever be known as the killer that set Zakh'háfo free. 

**13.30**. Nikec smiled once more, hearing the quiet *click* of Dáritke's trigger signal his end, as he whispered quietly. *"Grácu." ("Thank you")*

**13.31**.