# TRAVEL RISK - STORY
After the project reorganisation, which was mentioned in the main document [[TRAVEL RISK]], this document will serve home to the complete story that will encompass all of **TRAVEL RISK**, from Prologue to Epilogue.

## Synopsis
### Drafted
A story encompassing the **Collapse of United Máneá**, and how it once was the *Safe Haven for research* and has since plummeted into a drug society. Introducing various agencies and companies that deal and work with these drugs, including a simple description of some of these drugs (Like **Lucky Water** and **Neurokick**), but making sure not to become too much of a "Wiki entry" and just become a very basic but informative enough synopsis of what the story will have to offer through its lifespan.

## PROLOGUE
### Drafted Story: Rules remain rules
In the dark corners of Álef, hidden and tucked away in the alleyways in the central area, a group of people in black attire looked up as their silence was broken by footsteps. Approaching them was another black-dressed person, wearing a grey beanie as a cover for the rain. In his hand was a suitcase, seemingly full of money or full of goods. With his heart in his throat, he checks the time on his watch. **22.54**, he was 4 minutes late. One of the figures awaiting him at the end of the alleyway took notice of this, already drawing his pistol, and firing a shot that grazed his ear. Standing dead still in his tracks, he breathed deeply, fear rushing through his veins. **"Let this be your last warning, Niko, the next one is between your eyes."** He says with a booming voice, but quiet enough to not alert anyone else eavesdropping behind the alley. Noting down the time of arrival on his notepad, he opens his hand, waiting for the suitcase to be handed over, which Niko promptly does. *"Apologies, Kasper.. for the delay.."* he mutters, out of breath and full of fear, *"Traffic.. bit my ass.."* \
Shaking his head, the figure before him passes the suitcase onto the other two men in the alley, signalling them to check the contents and whether they align with the order or not, as he sets his focus back to Niko, clearly pissed off. **"Same shit as last time, Niko. One minute early is acceptable. One minute late is not."** 

With a quiet signal, the two figures checking the suitcase get the attention of Kasper, who immediately breaks eye contact with Niko and checks in on what they have to say. With a head full of fear and nerves on edge, he closes his eyes, as Kasper immediately draws his gun, aiming at Niko's head, his eyes full of both disappointment and rage. **"You're going to tell me what happened to two bags of Lucky Water, Niko, or this barrel will be the last fucking thing you're seeing in your life."** He quietly yells, making sure to watch his volume. Without hesitation, Niko drops one bag on the floor, his left hand remaining tightly in his pocket, clutching onto something. Breathing deeply, barely keeping to his senses, he feels a bullet penetrate his right shoulder, smoke coming out of the silenced barrel of the pistol that Kasper was holding. **"One last fucking chance, Niko, the next one is fatal. Rules remain rules, you know this."**

Taking another deep breath, Niko takes his hand out of his left pocket, revealing a used bag of Lucky Water, as well as a micropistol, which he immediately fired. Hitting Kasper's left leg and striking one of the two figures in the back of the alley with the suitcase, he sprints away, running for his life, or whatever would be left of that now. **"Fucking.. bastard..!"** Kasper grunts in pain, his hand clutching his thigh where the bullet hit him, while he feels his vision get foggy, struggling to keep his pistol raised and aimed. Firing uncontrollably, he grazes Niko's right arm and chest, injuring him further, before ultimately shooting him in the back, as he collapses, gasping for air. *"K, we need to leave from here."* One of the figures quietly whispers to Kasper, while the other figure makes his way to the collapsed body of Niko. **"Yeah yeah man, I know. Get me a shot of green and contact Mitch."** 

Sirens begin to echo through the walls of the city while the three mysterious men made their way out. Niko was left abandoned, having sent a distress signal before being shot, but ultimately, it was too late to rescue him. With a grunt of pain, Kasper takes the bullet out of his leg, dropping it on the table in the van as another person treats the wound. With the suitcase to his right, he sighs deeply, the green syringe shot kicking in and numbing his senses, numbing the pain. **"Every.. fucking day..!"** He grunts loudly, tightly gripping the suitcase's handle in anger. 

Driving off into the horizon, they make their way to Ákros, ready to face Mitch to report another troublesome handover.

## ONE - untitled
### Drafted 
A story that follows Nils Lorieux in his first exposure to the company that his friend Antoine had recommended him. 

### Story
*"Antoine, you've got to be kidding me."*

With a quiet rustle through the wind, the subtle footsteps of two young men echo through the alleys of Deth-Kelétam. The city reeked with bad smells, flooded sewage systems that have been neglected since the fall of United Máneá, which had put not only the city in despair, but the rest of the remaining nation as well. **"Sorry, I kept you waiting long enough, Nils"** Antoine said quietly to him, turning his head around to face him while his hand rested on a doorknob that led to an otherwise suspiciously unmarked building. **"We're here, keep quiet."** 

The door closes behind the two, and Nils takes a deep breath of fresh air now that he was finally sealed off the terrible air that lingered outside. **"Follow me, it's downstairs"** Antoine whispered, revealing a poorly lit and stone staircase that lead down almost infinitely. *"Are you sure we're at the right place? This seems abandoned."* Nils whispered back, doubts beginning to form in his mind about whether this was really the right choice for them to make.


## TWO - Into the Unknown 
### Drafted
A story in which Nils Lorieux enters his first mission within the company that Antoine had recommended him. He is set to deliver a bag that is packed to the brim with Lucky Water, amongst other various yet-unspecified drugs. However, he wasn't told about the contents of the bag, and believes he's carrying various forms of equipment for a company called **"Vátnelári"**. Before delivery, he is caught on the way there by two mysterious men dressed in black and is instead brought to **"The Agency"**.


*// Tail snippet, leads into THREE*
The metro chimed again. *"Nest halt: Krónapláca."* Double checking the note that was given to me by Karl, I pressed the stop button on the pole beside me. Preparing myself to hop off the automated metro, I take the sports bag and make my way to the doors, watching the platform approach while the metro slows down. \
Reaching the end of the platform, the metro stops, and looking through the window I realise there were two men dressed in black attire right outside. Already feeling ticked off, I step out of the metro and see them approach me, my heart racing in my chest with worries and scenarios playing back and forth in my mind. 

**"Afternoon, Nils"**, the man on the left spoke to me, taking my left hand and holding it firmly. **"Follow us."** \
Fully panicked, the scenario that Karl had described to me began falling apart. I'd have to make my way to Sk. Garist myself, he hadn't said anything about two men awaiting me for the handover. \
*"Are you.. from Vátnelári?"* \
**"Not quite. We'll explain later."**

## THREE - Youngblood
### Youngblood 
With a slam on the table, the bag of goods is presented, with two mysterious men dressed in full-black attire escorting an otherwise regular-looking man to the lounge chair. **"W-What does any of this mean?"** he asks in distress, his heart rate having risen in the past minutes on the way to the strange, hidden room he now finds himself in. On the opposing end of the table, another mysterious figure presents themselves, a woman with long, straight hair, a mixture of blue and black streaks of hair on top of a similarly-coloured outfit. She seemed straightforward; She was here for business, not for chitchat. 

*"Is this the middleman?"* She asked in a noticeably pissed-off tone, sending further shivers down Nils's spine. Looking to his sides, both of the mysterious men nod slowly and quietly, before his eyes return to the woman before him. Her tone quickly changed, as her expression quickly became that of a smirk, a predator eyeing their prey. *"Let's see who we have here, what's your name? This looks like your first deal, you're young blood."* She says in a seductive tone, riling up more fear in Nils's body and mind. With a slow nod, he agrees, muttering back clumsily and without a goal **"Y-yes, madam, I'm.. Nils, Nils Lorieux."**

Laughing quietly, the woman replies in the same tone, continuing to play with Nils while slowly beginning to inspect the bag, unzipping it and laying her eyes on various, colour-coded packages. With a slight pause, she takes and lights a cigarette, puffing twice before continuing to scan through the bag, all while under supervision of the mysterious man on Nils's shoulders. With his heart in his chest beating loudly, almost giving way to his nerves, the woman takes the cigarette out of her mouth again after a brief moment. Putting it on the ashtray, she lowers her glasses, staring deeply into Nils's eyes, smirking and smiling widely as her tone changes once more. *"Excellent for your first deal."* With a wide smile, she presents her left hand to Nils, offering a friendly handshake. *"The name's Raléi, we should talk in a more, private, area."* She says, eyeing the two guards on Nils's shoulders, who promptly nod and leave the room. 

Upon the quiet sound of the door closing and locking as both guards leave the room, Raléi immediately presents a firearm and places it on the table, her index finger resting on the safety knob, assuring Nils to not be afraid, as the pistol isn't loaded. With a soft sigh, she takes off her hat and sunglasses, placing them on the other end of the table, before she breaks the silence in a more quiet tone. *"Do you have any idea just what you have brought me? I won't get angry with you or kill you, so worry not."* Nils gulped loudly, not expecting this question at all, nor did he know how to answer. Fidgeting with his zipper, he looks around the room, eyeing if anything or anyone is eavesdropping on him while his worries continue to increase. **"N-no, Raléi, madam, I don't know what I carried"** \
*"I suspected as much.."* she promptly replies, taking a yellow package and beginning to uncover and open it, noticing the increased worry in Nils's eyes, which she quickly acts upon. *"Don't worry, this isn't harmful, this city is littered with this stuff."* She replies with a smile, revealing a syringe and a box with a certain fluid inside, which she quickly begins to explain. *"You, amongst many others before you, have brought me the so-called drug "Lucky Water," a drug that you inject to force your brain into producing excess dopamine and stress-relieving hormones for an extra kick. You can probably imagine why it's so popular here in Zakh'háfo."*

With another gulp, Nils tries to find the right words to reply, but ultimately remaining silent, having no idea how to even begin formulating a reply to this. He was offered a job by his close friend, who described it as simple as "bringing a package from point A to point B", but with the bag of drugs before him and the pistol besides it, he quickly realises just what kind of situation he found himself in. Drug dealing? Even for Antoine, that was outrageous, he knew all of this and still recommended it to him? \
Being snapped out of his thoughts by Raléi snapping her fingers before his eyes, she sees the clear worries in his eyes, recognising and acting upon the obvious distress Nils was going through, as she picks up the pistol, releasing the magazine, and placing it back on the table. In hopes to reassure him, she continues to speak with him, bringing his thoughts elsewhere. *"Nils, I mean it when I say I mean no harm. You obviously were lured into this, so I can help you stay safe out there."* From the underside of the table, she reveals a tablet, which she quickly opens a form on and presents it to Nils. *"Your "friend" introduced you to Dáritke, who pretend to be a middleman company that bring important documents between various companies. Half of that is true, you are a middleman, and you're delivering between various companies, but we're not a company, nor did you carry documents."* Nils began to shiver, his eyes remaining on the pistol and the bag before him, his handshake with his boss before being given access to his transport card that ultimately led him to the very room he finds himself in right now. He should've seen it coming from miles away, a shady business and a shady job, and yet he pulled through, just to be able to pay for everything he needed to pay for. He felt his throat clog up and tears begin to dwell in his eyes. *"You're obviously being tracked now, which you probably imagined already."* Raléi continued, *"so we'll find that tracker together and then ship it back to Álef, with a "gift" of our own, for your safety."*

Reading through the document on the tablet before him, he recognises various words, especially of the company and the boss, as well as the journey he had taken to Kristánisin. All the way at the bottom, he found a portion of small text that intrigued him, which essentially repeated all that Raléi had just told him: Clear his presence in this city, clear his name, and provide him shelter and a new, safe, function. Without too much thought, all that was on his mind was his own safety, but especially the safety of his parents, as he promptly signed the document. **"What.. happens now?"** Nils hesitantly asks, immediately being presented a wide smile by Raléi, who presented another pistol, also unloaded, and offered it to Nils with a handshake. 

*"This becomes yours."* She quickly replies with a wide smile. *"Let's get you settled in. Welcome to The Agency."*

## FOUR - New Faces, Same Antics
### Drafted
Nils is acquired by **The Agency**, and burns his bridges with **Dáritke**. Together with Raléi, he now begins protocol training and grows into his new role as management and netrunning. Meeting Omáti, the two get along very well and commence training together. This chapter will mostly encompass said training and introduce a bit of dialogue and showcase the personalities of the various characters.

## FIVE - Where we left off
### Drafted
Extracts [[LUCKY WATER#Drafted Story the uuuhh]]. \
Getting along well with Omáti, the two go onto their first mission together in **Deth-Kelétam**, with the goal to complete a Lucky Water trade with a representative from **Vátnelári**.

## SIX- Familiar Foe 
### Drafted
In his next mission, **Nils** is sent to receive a handover from **Dáritke** under supervision of Raléi and a representative from Dáritke. To Nils's surprise, the handover from Dáritke is brought out by Kasper and Antoine, which creates a troublesome situation. All ends well, and both parties decide to keep their mouth shut regarding this new information. Kasper too, keeps his mouth shut about Nils's defection to **The Agency**, which means **Mitch** does not learn about this, leading up to **RUDE REUNION**.


## ??? - RUDE REUNION
**Drafted**: In a strange letter, Nils and Raléi receive an invite to an otherwise inconspicuous ball in **Kristensend, Rhódisz**. Present are top figures from the various companies that fled to Rhódisz after the Collapse of United Máneá, and with various agencies having sprung up in the two other nations, the ball was seen as a means of shaking hands, and seeing what is possible in terms of reaching an agreement together, in hopes to help the economic and societal damage that was done. 

Both **Dáritke** and **Vátnelári** representatives were present, next to Nils and Raléi, which sparked uncertainties for all parties that were present. After what feels like a peaceful hour of chitchat with various companies (Notably Ódóni), a discourse is finally sparked as **Mitch O'Well** approaches Raléi, and takes notice of Nils, who was once part of **Dáritke**. Drama and conflict ensues, and Raléi's stealth weaponry is unveiled to Mitch, with a subtle hint to "Keep this out of the public" and "Handle things in a more private manner". Mitch ignores this hint, and a combat situation ensues.


### Drafted Story - RUDE REUNION


*"Aye, Nils! That you?"* An older, raspy voice said from afar. Raléi shook hands with Thomas, bidding them farewell for now, while Nils turned around to the ever familiar voice that could only belong to one person: Dáritke's Mitch O'Well. *"Been a while, eh? Presumed you were dead. Package delivered, killed on site. Take it you've met my old friend instead?"* He spoke, pointing at Raléi, who had taken notice of the sudden rival's arrival. **"Been a while, Mitch"** Raléi replied, interrupting Nils before he could even formulate a response for himself. **"Looking terrible as ever. Not a single change in those ten years."** She said with a stern look. Now standing in the middle of the two, Nils quickly figured out what situation he found himself in, and made his way back to stand besides Raléi. *Must be bad blood..* He thought to himself, as Mitch continued to formulate his words, clearly struggling. *Is he under the influence?*  \
*"I take you've given my boy a roof for his own."* He began, his finger pointing and shaking at Nils's face. *"Bothers me. Antoine promised me goods, and now my good is elsewhere.. I'm not too stoked about knowing this boy is sharing Dáritke's secrets with you, miss Alenti..!"* \
His shaky hand moved to his hip, as he slowly moved his blazer to the side, revealing a holster and a pistol. It seemed that, despite being in a terrible shape, Mitch didn't care about his health. Just like Nils had learned from Antoine and Kasper, he was a straightforward man. Straight to business, no chitchat. And it seemed the chitchat was over. \
Raléi immediately stepped forward, carefully but forcefully grabbing Mitch by his blazer, hissing into his ear. **"We're not doing this in Kristensend, Mitch."** In a hurry, Nils took a hold of his own pistol on his hip, having raised alert while Raléi continued to try and play down Mitch. He could see the blue glow begin to shine more prominent through her own suit, and her left hand glove was gone, indicating that she was ready to use her stealth blade at any point. *Her neurotech is already activating. This is bad.*  
  
A gunshot echoes through the hall, and panic ensues while the people steer away from the trio. Still holding him firmly by his blazer, Raléi continues to try and tone down Mitch, doing her best to not escalate this any further than it can. A shot was already fired, the attention was already drawn to them, what more could go wrong? **"I'd warned you, Mitch. Now everyone frowns upon Dáritke. How's Gustavo going to think about this action? You disturbed the Kristensend Ball?"** She said, making sure to mock him in front of all the eyes that were now fixated onto them. With a swift move, she pushes him to the floor. Frantically, Mitch tries to grab his pistol, only finding that the holster was empty and that his own pistol was being aimed between his eyes. Time seemed to pass in slow-motion, but quickly continued as the magazine dropped to the floor. **"Looks are deceiving, Mitch.""** Raléi said, emptying the pistol of its last bullet and tossing it to the side with the safety on. **"You're not facing the same Raléi as ten years ago. And yet I'm facing the exact same Mitch."** She smirked, continuously looking down onto the now-frightened and confused face of Mitch. He was clearly pushed into a corner he couldn't escape out of, his only option here was to admit defeat. But doing so wasn't part of his dictionary, as he struggled to stand up, fists raised, not wanting to give up this easily. With her own fists raised, Raléi scoffs at Mitch, laughing quietly under her own breath while Nils couldn't do anything other than watch the scene unfold. **"It's been a while, Mitch. Let's see if those fighting stances aged like wine, or like milk."**

Clumsily, Mitch lunged forward and tried to land a blow on Raléi's chest, but was taken aback by how quickly she was able to move and instead land a blow on his own jaw, knocking his lights out for just a moment as he struggles to stand steadily on his feet. **"What have you been up to these past ten years anyway, Mitch?"** She smirked, her eyes closely following every little movement and adjustment that Mitch made in an attempt to get his own stability back. **"Been playing commander? Sending Kasper on all the missions you needed to do yourself?"** \
Pissed off, Mitch lunges forward once more, trying to land a blow straight into Raléi's chest, but finding himself blocked once more as her reaction speed was simply out of this world. 