# WHITEOUT - Story
**Katherina Mikkë**, codename **Nova**: a cold blooded sniper that can achieve any kill, from any distance. Specialising in marksman rifles and sniper duties, she would be able to land shots cleanly without too much effort. But reaching the peak of her capabilities, she learns from her manager that she is risking going deaf. Finding out that neurotech can't help her imminent deafness, she travels to Cévok to ease her mind and stumbles upon **Dominico**, a DNA scientist that specialised and worked with *Leremkov*, and offers to help Nova by helping her where neurotech failed her, as long as she would equalise the trade by taking out one of Dominico's targets.

## WHITEOUT - Story
*// POV: Nova*
### Where Neurotech Fails
**"You're really confident there's no other way?"** \
*"I'm fully confident there is not. Your hearing could fail with neurotech."*

Dominico rested his hand on my shoulder as I sat on the operation table. No operation would take place, but it was late at night in Cévok, and he had a place and time that would work out. Back when I first got my eye transplant years back, my world was accelerating upwards, an infinitely upwards trend that only brought me to the top. But with all pride comes downfall, and just over a month ago, it was discovered that my hearing was beginning to fail me as a cost. Together with my manager, we looked through the possibilities within neurotech that could rescue my failing ears, and delay my inevitable deafness, but reached a wall right when we started looking. *"This isn't working, Nova."* His voice echoed through my mind. It had been a while since I last spoke to my manager, I took a few weeks off to let this settle in my mind, and the thought of becoming a deaf sniper wasn't leaving my head either. **"What is the point of a sniper, if they can't control their surroundings?"**

That's when I stumbled upon Dominico in Cévok at a simple nightclub. His appearance was surprisingly official, and after I struck up a conversation with him out of curiosity, the end of the tunnel I was seeing before me lit up again. Dominico explained to me that he was a scientist in DNA technology, and had worked closely with the scientist whose labs in the same city were under siege. Guiding me to a backalley in the club, he offered me help, at the request that I would help him back with assassinating one of his own targets. I was beginning to feel desperate at this stage and was increasingly worried that my hearing would vanish completely, and undo any sort of weapon training that I devoted my entire life to.

And that brings me to the operation table here. *"Triple checking. Arctic fox, you said?"* Dominico asked, tapping a syringe with a strange, bubbly liquid inside. I nodded slowly, the liquid giving me shivers at the thought of having that swirl through my blood. But Dominico took notice of this, and reassured me, smiling gently at my bleak face. *"Worry not, this will make you feel drowsy and tired, but you'll have the best sleep of your life and feel like nothing changed tomorrow."* \
I gulped, crossing my fingers in hopes that what he was telling me the truth, but after a quiet *"I'll apply the dosage now.."* from him, the feeling of nausea and drowsiness immediately overwhelmed me, as if I stood up too quickly after being seated for too long. My entire body began to turn numb, and while Dominico positioning me properly down on the operation table, I could feel my eyes force themselves shut, and my body put itself to sleep.
### Back to Basics
*"Wakey wakey, Nova, good afternoon. You've adjusted excellently."* 

I heard a voice come from the distance as my body slowly returned to its senses. I groaned, trying to move my hand to rest it on my head but instead finding myself unable to. I felt off, as if I had fallen terribly ill. My body felt like it was being pricked by thousands of needles and I couldn't remember why. **"Oh.. god..!"** I mumbled, my body refusing to have itself be moved just yet as the anaethesia slowly faded away. \
*"Don't move too much just yet."* The same voice as before told me, now recognising it as Dominico's. From one second into the next, I began to remember where I was and why I was here. I had met Dominico in the nightclub in Cévok, traded our stories, and now traded our geniuses, my declining hearing, DNA.. \
*"There you are, all looks good."* He continued, snapping his fingers next to my ears, and as my senses slowly returned to normal, I began to realise just how much clearer the snapping of his fingers sounded. *"Is everything alright, Nova? You may try and sit up once you feel able to."* \
**"N-no.. I mean.. it's fine."** I stammered, the sound of my own voice ticking me off now that it sounded ever so slightly different. I could hear the gentle buzzing of the electronics, something that I was never able to do before, something I wasn't sure of was even *natural* for humans to hear. **"It's.. it's a lot to take in, at once.."** \
*"I can imagine"* Dominico replies quickly, *"It's going to take some time to adjust, but you will without a doubt go beyond your abilities before this."*

And ever since, I've learned the basics once more. I realised I could pick up sounds from much further, hear them much clearer, and act upon them much sooner. I would find various vantage points that would pose well as a practice point and began relearning my firing skills. In the first weeks, everything was deafeningly loud, but over time, things gradually quieted down as my brain adjusted to my new senses accordingly. And within just a month, I felt like I was at the exact point where I had left off from, and eager to complete my part of the deal with Dominico, we shook hands, and I made my way to Íszkéde.

### 5374m, 4BFT SSE
Taking the rifle off my sling, I promptly sat down in the snow with a beauty of a view downwards on the village of **Strava Dilavétë**. Dominico's target would be here, and despite being seated in the cold of the *Minttsuáámin Mountains*, the temperature all the way down there would be pleasant enough to go out for a drink at one of the café's, something that the target would surely decide to do today, and a place I could easily strike him today. \
Taking the earpiece that Dominico had made for me, I slid it down my left ear to create a snug fit. Now that my human ears were gone, I was obviously unable to use a regular, professional earpiece, but Dominico wasn't just an expert in DNA technologies, he also had a touch for technology, and made a custom earpiece that would be perfect for my new silhouette.

Inspecting my rifle while I waited for a signal from Dominico, I unfold the barrel and stock, the rifle now easily stretching past a metre in length. I giggled quietly as I stared at its beauty. A *Hammerhead H75-L*, she was, adjusted and modified to become the perfect fit for me. Hammerhead usually only makes weaponry that is suitable for right-handed people, but being a lefty, they took a single look at my records and began to work on a proper grip without a second thought. \
Gently resting the rifle down in the snow before me after finding no issues with it, I look back down to the village, my left eye discolouring from its usual blue down to a yellow-ish green the further I looked. **"So there you are.."** I smiled to myself, spotting the target walking out of the city hall towards the café across the road. 

*"You have the target in sight?"* I suddenly heard through the earpiece. Dominico had finally awoken and was looking together at me through my eyes. I nodded accordingly, and picked up my rifle from the floor and carefully rested the barrel on my knee, and looked through the enormous scope that was mounted on top of the rail. Pulling the bolt backwards, I could hear the .50 cal bullet load and enter the chamber, a sound I still wasn't used to hearing yet. With my left hand on the grip, my index finger resting beside the trigger, and I slowly moved the rifle into position. My tail curled up around my waist, and looking through the scope, my eye turned back into its green colour as I looked further and further down the barrel, eagerly waiting for the target to sit down on the balcony at the café. He'd order a caramel macchiato and a bagel, something he would always do when the weather was great like this.

With the scope aimed directly at his head after he got seated at the balcony, the wind picked up. **"South.. southeast.."** I mumbled to myself, adjusting my aim accordingly with the bullet travelling over 10 kilometres before connecting to his head. It was about a 4BFT wind, which wouldn't impact the travel of the bullet all too much, but not taking any risks, and especially with the snow picking up, I adjusted further and accounted for the travel time and distance as well, my aim now deviating completely from the café. \
*"Nova.. you're aiming at a bystander."* I heard Dominico whisper into my ear, a tone of worry in his voice. But not letting his voice distract me, I steadied my aim and fixed my grip once more, my index finger travelling to the trigger, and swiftly pulling it back.

I didn't bother with a suppressor. After all, by the time the bullet had connected, it would already be too late for anyone to react before the bang of the rifle would reach the village. I could feel the warmth of my neurotech travel from my left shoulder all the way to my index finger as my arm began to glow with a corresponding blue tone. And with a loud *BANG*, the snow picked up around me and the rifle pushed back into my shoulder, the mountains amplifying the noise of the rifle and creating a beautiful noise that I had never heard before in my life. Smiling warmly as the bang of the rifle echoes away into the distance, I look back through the scope at the café, the beige-coloured wood of the balcony now painted dark, bordeaux red. 

**"Target down, Dominico, we're on equal terms."** I giggled in excitement, and his silence as a reply gave me all the answers I could ever need. *"I-.. Woah.."* He stammered, clearly at a loss for words while I moved the bolt back to eject the now-empty casing of the bullet I just fired. *"I-.. clearly underestimated your skills, my.. apologies."*

Placing the rifle on the floor, I folded back the barrel and stock inwards again, and slung it around my back again. Taking one last look at the immense view down on the village, I could see the sun break through in the mountains as well. With a wide smile, I knew that I had just overcome by old self with that kill, never before had I been able to hit anything beyond the 5km mark, but with the regained confidence and hearing, I hit a shot from 10km away as if it was nothing. Before long, I stepped out of the little pile of snow and gradually made my way back down the mountain. A hike like this definitely wouldn't hurt after a month of relearning everything I had known since birth, but after this, I knew that it wasn't a wasted effort. Taking off the earpiece, I laugh to myself, my arms stretched wide and open,

**"Nova's back, baby!"**

