# ARC - Story
The **ARC** (**Advanced Research for Carbine**) was launched in **2096**, following the upwards curve of space development and research that was being conducted by various teams in **Némiskéi** and **Pahlatlán**. Proposed, and designed by **Maria Limáida** and **Thomas Vanthuyt**, the ARC serves home to the majority of the research that is being done by the designated teams at Carbine in space. Orbiting Lúniks, it floats at around **350km** above the planet and completes a revolution approximately every **3 hours**.

## 2094 - PROPOSALS
*"Listen, Thomas, it wasn't exactly a "walk in the park" like you had envisioned it to be. You could at the very least have told me that Thórirsant wasn't keen on funding anything for Carbine since the Spider's Web project failed two decades ago. But that's probably not dawned on you. That's fine. That being said, you'll receive an email with more details in about one or two days. Funding is secured, you're welcome."*

With a deep sigh, Maria let go of the record button just outside of the hallway she just finished a heated discussion in, sending the voice message to Thomas, her close colleague. The **ARC** was their brainchild, both she and Thomas had been keeping their focus on it almost exclusively while the rest of the team in Némiskéi completed the construction and launch of the **Platinum Halberd**, the same team that designed its sister ship, the **Silver Pike**. While Maria had a decent hand in the design of the **Golden Bow**, Carbine wouldn't see much more of her influence in the following ships that were to launch as her focus had shifted to the **ARC**. Carbine had always envisioned something like that, and the team in Pahlatlán especially dreamed of the benefits that a space station would have. Having purchased an older spaceship that was once built by the legendary Akájune, it would frequently have to return to the planet's soil to refuel, which meant it wasn't properly suited for long-term space research, something that Carbine was eager to dive into.

Over the past two years, she and Thomas designed the **ARC**: A space station designed to be suitable for staying in space for the rest of its lifespan. The design was akin to a spinning top; a large, circular disk held together by the various power systems and machines maintaining the power and balance through the station through the central pillar. But with ambitious dreams like these, Carbine was already well aware that none of the teams spread throughout Jóthul and Thórirsant would be able to fund such an enormous project. So with a heavy heart, Maria had offered herself to break the ice and make the proposal to the government of Thórirsant, in hopes that they would agree on forgetting Carbine's past incident and putting faith in them once more.

## 2095 - CONSTRUCTION
Through fire and ice, shedding blood, sweat, and tears, the funding provided by Thórirsant gave Carbine the opportunity to make their dreams a reality. Construction began not too long after the deal had gone through, and after the launch of the **Platinum Halberd** in **December 2093**, the focus in the launch site of Némiskéi focused exclusively on assembling the magnum opus of Carbine, the **ARC**.

Throughout **2095**, the various pieces of the ARC would be assembled in Némiskéi and subsequently be launched into space, where it would be assembled on site. To keep power systems active from the get-go, the first pieces of the puzzle that were produced were the gravity systems, as well as the engines and reactors that would provide power to the ARC onc eit would be activated. Throughout the year, the progress would gradually fold over into the construction of the various bays, tunnels, and decks that would eventually complete the ring that would give the ARC its signature and recognisable look.

### Surprise supplies
**"Maria. You might want to take a look at this."** 

With a surprised, but mostly neutral expression on her face, Maria turned to her left towards the voice that called for her. Her eyes met with those of **Thomas**, the person she spent the majority of her time together with during the development of this immense project the two embarked on. Holding out her hand, she took the folder with documents that Thomas had brought to her, adjusting her glasses to properly read the small words written on the first page. Her glasses didn't need to recognise the stamped, trademark logo that was present on the top left of every one of the pages in the folder. **"The impossible happened."** Thomas interrupted her, a wide smile on his face as his eyes averted to the blueprints and sketches of the assembly of the reactors required for powering the **ARC**. *"Hammerhead's-"* **"providing us the reactors. Per your design."** \
Maria chuckled in disbelief. The last piece of the puzzle she was struggling with was the lack of talent present in Pahlatlán that could help her produce the reactors. She'd been working overtime coming up with a solution, and even considered that she would pick up the necessary knowledge herself, but every route she was looking at turned out to be a dead end. Until now. *"No bribing involved, right? You didn't promise them the impossible? Like arranging the entire southern deck to them for their research?"* She asked teasingly, the realisation beginning to wash over her that the ARC was now closer than ever before. **"None at all, Maria."** Thomas replied calmly, his smile refusing to leave his face. **"It's all goodwill, I'd like to believe. You were puzzling for a solution for so long, and I believe Hammerhead might just be the answer you didn't know you were looking for."** Placing the folder next to the blueprints at the table, Thomas was quick to wave goodbye again to Maria, who was still shellshocked at the sudden change in course. With his coffee still in hand, he returned to the board room once more to oversee the logistics of all the different panels and decks that would need to be launched and assembled in space. 

*"Hah."* Maria smirked, the realisation finally having settled in her mind as she gazes at the folder beside her, eyeing the Hammerhead stamp at the very top. *"Been a while, Patti.."* She mumbled to herself, opening up the folder and beginning to read through the several documents with suggested ways to tackle the development and production of the reactors for the ARC. *"Looks like I'm going back to Shánzhe.."*

### Making the impossible possible
**Patti** (**Patrik Miyidkov**) and **Maria** had been acquaintances for a few years in **Shánzhe**, where the two had worked on various confidential Hammerhead projects related to the lunar base on Lumen. After the Kósfrii incident, Maria had been involved in various hiccups that were occurring in Zakh'háfo, but in 2080 she made her appearance in Zhuehai and was almost immediately approached by **Hammerhead** for her knowledge on experimental technology that she had retained during her time at **Carbine**. Despite not getting along too well together, it was undeniable that their minds combined could create incredible things, as apparent with the development cycles for the lunar base. 

Upon her arrival in Shánzhe, with blueprints and ideas brought along with her, the two got to work almost instantly, skipping over the chit-chat and reintroductions after a decade. But as rude as it may seem, the lack of wasted time paid off, and within half a year, the two had developed not just the functional reactors for the **ARC**, but also developed other means of energy generation through the means of solar panels, a last-minute idea brought up by Maria, that would decorate the spine of the ARC. With all parts tested, built, and the puzzle pieces completed, all that would be left for the **Carbine** team would be to launch all parts into space, and click the pieces together.
 
## 2096 - INAUGURATION
In **February 2096**, the last pieces of the enormous puzzle, a group of solar panels that would decorate the eastern ring, arrived and were installed. By then, the deck had already been completed, installed, and deemed safe and functional, and through February and March the immense task of moving and installing all of the research machinery required to conduct the research in space. But after an immense two years of hard work, the **ARC** officially activated and opened on **April 07th, 2096**. 

The ARC would serve as not just an incredible research station, but also as a hub for various spaceships in service to pass by and dock as well, giving them the access of all the terminals and facilities that were present on the ARC that were missing from their own ships. The **Alessi Shuttles**, the **Platinum Halberd** and **Silver Pike**, would stop by the ARC as well to submit and sent their findings back to Lúniks as well each time they return past Lúniks after making a swing around the orbits of Dvóniks or Lóivonus. 