# REACHING BEYOND // CHARACTER LIST
This Character List belongs to [[Reaching Beyond]].

## Maria Limáida
In her early 40s, her eventful past without any moments of rest shaped her into the genius that she is today. Since the events of Travel Risk, where she had been involved in the security protocols of the Álef Metro, she stumbled upon Raléi after she performed an interception. The two had grown together closely, but it simply wasn't meant to be after Raléi lost her life in the **2076 Álef Metro incident**. 

Maria's experience isn't limited to just that, as she was also involved in the **2073 Kósfrii nuclear incident**, and had a say in the refurbishment of the **Hammerhead Satellite Ship** project in **2082**, before getting picked up by **Carbine**'s recently created research division. Her genius ideas and her ability to put words into creations, the created the **Golden Bow** all by herself, and designed the **Jade Dagger** together with **Jeffrey Howler** a year afterwards. Her magnum opus remains the **ARC**, which she had designed and built together with **Thomas Vanhuyt**, a talented engine designer that was the main designer for the **Alessi Shuttles**.

As she aged over time, the grim memories of her busy life were beginning to catch up on her, which led to her accuracy occasionally dwindling here and there as her regrets were starting to take shape in her mind. 

## Thomas Vanhuyt
While working together frequently with Maria, Thomas's experience didn't appear out of thin air. Being born in Belgium to a Belgian mother and a Máneán father, Thomas was already eager to learn more about the vast mysteries of space, especially with his parents having been born on two different planets. His early years were devoted to learning more about the history of Lúniks, and his dreams became reality when he was offered an internship position at the R&D team with the ESA to oversee and help with lunar projects on Earth. His experiences put him on the radar, and Hammerhead approached him 5 years after his internship to invite him to work in Shánzhe together with the budding lunar project on **Lumen**. In Zhuehai, he met the duo of Maria and Patrik, and from there on, lightning struck and the trio were on the doorstep of the next chapter for humanity's involvement in space.

## Patrik (Patti) Miyidkov
Patrik, more commonly known by his nickname "**Patti**", found himself in a tricky situation early on in his life. Having studied astronautics in the northeastern city of **Namšááni** in **Ellitróómi**, he was quick to learn that his ambitions were far greater than what was achievable in his quiet home nation. Despite this, he remained active and pursued his dreams while making a living as a driver between **Íszkéde** and **Ellitróómi**. \
In **2074**, ate age **29**, things turned into an upward curve as he was approached by **Hammerhead** and invited to begin working on the renovation project for the soon-returning **HSS**. Without a second thought, Patti packed his bags and would meet **Thomas Vanhuyt** familiarising himself with another science prodigy of the same age, and before long, the two got along extremely well in the startup phase for Hammerhead's next age of space travel.