# DREAMSEEKER  
**DREAMSEEKER**/**SOLARdawn** | Currently completely conceptual, however, it may include or see use of:  
- **Dreamseeker** | Character design directly taken from **Honkai Impact**. The actual term or name may see a rebrand, however, to avoid conflict with aforementioned title.  
- **Voyage** | Unspecified as of yet, may be a relation to Lúniks's original inhabitants, as well as the potential cosmic mission that they may have embarked on (Which may also see a relation with the **Dragons of Vao**, which itself is another old draft)  
- Dreamseeker **would** include supernaturalism and vivid realism, primarily through hallucinations or other impossibly real events or visions. This would add more background to **Polaris**'s character, and give an explanation to her abilities as well and explore further upon these. Additionally, that arises questions: What *is* **Voyage**, and does SOLARdawn know about Polaris's journey and relation to this **Voyage**? If Polaris is "A Dreamseeker", will this imply that there are several, and if so, what is their purpose, and how does this tie back to Polaris's position within SOLARdawn?  
- A connection to the currently drafted [[Álusken's Mysteries]], which also requires more information and context for it to shape properly. 
- An existing connection which may further explain the origins of supernaturalism on Lúniks, which sees use in [[ANGEL - Story]] and [[A NEW DAWN - Story]].

## January 2025 addition
Potentially, **Dreamseeker**, from here on simply referred to as **"The Voyage"** or **"Voyager"**, may also see an integration between itself and [[GHOST TEMPLES]]. This is because the "cosmic force/voice" and varied set of cosmic abilities, such as the ability for Polaris to see into the past and see the history of every item, material, and person, may reflect into other characters as time goes on and the project grows. Specifically for **Ghost Temples**, this could mean that **Cziskvelén** could have been a **Voyager** before his death in **Amadnésam**, and it could mean that he was guided to **Chroma** to resume his Voyage as the **Keeper of Life**. This power woud then be used to create the **Elevated Realm** in which Ghost Temples takes place.
### Existing list of characters (January 2025)
- **Polaris** (**Retrograde/Illusion**) | Following the attempted inclusion of an unidentified Ultima organ within her body per the planning of the self-titled *Project Polaris*, her body promptly rejected the organ and instead triggered the deeply buried force and power that was hidden within her since birth. Following the surgery, her eyes had changed, which was originally believed to be part of *Project Polaris*, as it was intended to be an archival/supervisory project. Despite the rough rehabilitation process, Polaris resumed her life as normal and assumed her role as archiver and overseer within SOLARdawn as originally intended, but only in **2075** does the cosmic voice return. It calls for her to reach out, and find another **Voyager**.
- **Maria** (**Cosmic weaving**) | In **2075**, the *Call of the Void* begins to disturb Maria in her everyday life. It demands her to "pull at the seams of the cosmos" and to "Uphold the Voyage". The voice eventually leads her to Amadnésam, where she meets **Polaris**, and discovers the meaning of her powers and the truth behind this Voyage. But ultimately, she chooses to reject this power. "In another life" she exclaimed. *"I made promises I cannot break."* 
- **Cziskvelén** (Nikec Krámisz) (**Keeper of Life**) | Despite the fact that Nikec Kráminsz had the reputation of "Black Bullet", the notorious serial killer that brought **United Máneá** to the ground, the **Chroma** gave him another chance to resume his lifelong goal as the *Keeper of Life*. Together with the **Chroma**, the *Elevated Realm* was constructed, granting life to those that lost of prematurely, to grant them another chance at a fulfilling life in the Realm above.
- **Nora** (**Keeper of Death**) | literally a castorice insert but obv subject to change
- **Veyra** (**Unknown**) | 

## February 2025 addition
# A passage of life (Keeper of Death teaser)  
It could be considered a part of a horror movie. A haunted mansion, kept my a grim reaper, granting a safe passage to all who intrude into the next realm. The walls had been coated in a deep, crimson red from all the blood that had been spilt, the wood bent in place from all the moisture it's soaked up. Streaks of blood on the floors, the walls, and curiously, the ceiling, too. Blood it spilled, yet stained, her scythe was not.  
  
The front doors creaked, and a single pair of footsteps could be heard walking throughout the mansion just outside the main hall.  
  
*// Inspired by the lyrics to SHADIENT - Ego Insomniac. "Multicoloured lights are leaking from your eyes." The idea is that the Keeper of Death, who will receive a name during writing, can "attain" or "mark" ("You were the inked mark") a certain person that trespass this peculiar mansion. A reason for this mansion being classified or referred to as the "blood mansion" is still in the works. An attained person will experience severe discomfort and nausea over time, akin to having been bitten by a venomous animal, which will begin to distort their vision. The lights, or their soul, will eventually literally "bleed" from their eyes, all the colour their souls once possessed feeding the mansion as its settler once intended. Eventually, their souls will simply be emptied and while drained, the attained person will struggle to walk out of the mansion to flee, or struggle to walk at all. With scythe drawn, Nora, the Keeper of Death simply adds a period at the end of the last sentence, completing the novel of the attained person's life. All light will have left their body, rainbow trails leaking from their eyes, facing the tip of the enormous blade now held before their chin. "This story ends here." She said, looking down at the attained person, who looked devoid of life. "For you'll continue your saga with Cziskvelén." Her scythe begins to emit a faint, rainbow glow, matching the iridescence of their tears, matching the rainbow iridescence in Nora's hair and eyes, as it moves to float besides their head. A simply strike puts an end to their first novel. Their second novel was now to begin at the hands of Cziskvelén.*  
  
Reoccurring themes within the Voyagers are:  
- **Polaris**: *Glass/crystals* (reflections)
- **Maria**: *Fabric* (weaving), *dancing* (strings)  
- **Nora** (Keeper of Death): *Writing* (literature)  
- **Cziskvelén** (Keeper of Life): *Botany* (flowers)  
  
Specifically for **Nora**, her colour scheme is quite the contrary to a usual grim reaper as depicted in horror movies and similar outings. She is often dressed in white, and while her hair is a mixture of black and white, her eyes are almost entirely chromatic and rainbow-coloured. Not just her eyes, but some strands in her hair follow that same chromatic and reflective rainbow colour in her eyes, as well as the sharp edge of her scythe's blade. \  
Lore wise, this is because she has a *direct connection* to **Chroma**. Where Cziskvelén is the Keeper of Life, he was only made aware of this title after his death, and afterwards, the Chroma granted him a way to grant those that have died another chance at life. \  
**Nora** in that regard has a direct connection with the Chroma. Those that trespass usually experience this during dreams while they're asleep. It's a metaphor for seeing one's memories flash before their eyes before they die, but as they're fast asleep, they can't do so. **Nora**, in this case, is just a *messenger* for those memories, before ultimately taking them away as they're set on entering *rebirth* through Cziskvelén.  

**"The lights are bleeding from your eyes."** She said in a dull tone, standing before the attained person who had fallen to their knees, the liquid seeping from their eyes into their hands as they stared in horror at their hands soon soaked by this liquid. *"Wh-what's.."* \  
**"It glows brightly."** She simply smirked. The hood over her head hid her eyes at a glance, but their light couldn't be hidden at it reflected against its inner fabric. The reflection was white, but the streaks of light were rainbow. **"Are you happy?"** \  
They remained confused, but looking up to face the voice, they could only see a woman now kneeling before them. Her clothes were a mixture of black and white, the hood over her head covered her face in shadows, and only her iridescent eyes could be seen. *"Am I..?"* they stammered, their eyes tracing the figure before them from head to toe, but upon reaching the floor, they recognised something they'd rather have not. Behind her knees was the blade of a scythe, eagerly waiting for action, eagerly waiting for blood. *"I'm.. mostly scared.."*

*// Introductory section to the character and Nora. Understandably, they're **very** afraid of the situation they're in, but Nora is willing to listen, and willing to tell them about their life they've lived. After all, they've essentially already died in their sleep, and Nora is simply there to perform the ritual and guide their spirit towards the Chroma and towards the Elevated Realm.* \
*// Nora is also a mediator in this sense. She understands the situation the attained person is finding themselves in, and also understands what she needs to do herself to calm them down. She does so successfully, and the two simply chat, laugh, and cry over all the various stories the attained person had gone through in their previous life. In the end, all life is mortal, even the Voyagers aren't immortal (Cziskvelén is nearing his death).* \
*// Nora's personality is still relatively in the drafts, because not enough writing exists just yet to determine the kind of person she is. Even so, she's a joyful person that laughs a lot, but not in a psychotic kind of way.* \
*// Nora's **COTVs** will mostly likely be told through the means of various chapters as if they were written in a book. As her theme is about writing and literature, the common opening (Like Polaris's "Days since her life-changing surgery" and Maria's "She meditated by herself" openings) will most likely be something akin to ink writing on a page.*



## Sketched story: The Voyage resumes  
*// While Polaris is able to trigger illusions and hallucinations through her left eye, it does not make herself immune to them. If desired, she'd be able to hallucinate herself simply by looking into a mirror, but obviously, doesn't do so. Another way is by being on the receiving end of another Dreamseeker. This sketch will handle that specific scenario.*  
  
**"Something is off."** Her mind echoed. Standing still before her wooden door that reached outside of her office, no sounds could be heard. The only sound reverberating off the walls within her office were those of her own breaths, and soon to follow, the creaking of the door as she pulled it back from the frame. Her eyes had been opened wide, and her heart was pounding loudly in her chest. A simple glimpse into the hallway was enough to tell her that it was a mere hallucination. Her decade of experience within the Western Wing at SOLARdawn allowed her to have a perfect photographic memory of the exact views she'd be able to see the moment she'd step through the door. No matter the crowd, no matter the time, all pieces of the puzzle had remained in the exact same spot all these years. And with her brows furrowing, she made the realisation that whoever it was that had attempting to illude her, simply misremembered the exact positions of the floorlights. A soft sigh escaped her lips, and the creaking of the door behind her now sealed her off into the dim hallway. A look to the left, and then to the right, confirmed the surreality and illusionary version of the Western Wing that she stood within. A thin, white mist was lingering from her ankles down, and the hallway stretched infinitely into both sides. With a quiet grunt, she closed her eyes once more, giving herself the necessary time to adjust to the hallucination that she was within.  
  
Her eyes remained closed, and her footsteps reverberated throughout the endless hallway that she stepped through. The mist remained lingering on the floor, and the lights were still dim, providing only a little source of light. It was barely enough to illuminate the walls of the hallways. But apart from her footsteps and her increasingly shallow breaths, there was no other noise being made. Her footsteps continued, and by now, she knew that she would at least have taken two thousand of them by now. The tips of her fingers, dressed by a thin, satin glove with pink tips at the very end, traced the walls as she set her two thousand and first step, followed by the next, and another thousand to follow. The tempo of her breaths increased the thinner the air became, and even so, she wasn't walking on a slope upwards. Whoever was illuding her was thinning out the air within the halls, and in a matter of minutes, her fingertips dwindled, now poorly tracing the walls to her right. Even with her eyes closed, the vibrant pulsing of her left eye remained, desperately trying to form another way of eyesight, but with the lights getting dimmer with every step she took, she realised that her increased exhaustion was beginning to hamper her from doing so. Her mind cried, no, begged for her to stop walking forward into infinity, but she continued to step forward, determined to figure out who it was that had manifested this illusion for her, and what lied at the end of infinity.  
  
That end came much sooner than she had expected, however, as an external pressure forced her to a halt. A stinging sensation centred itself around her abdomen, and even though her eyes remained closed, she could feel the stinging worsen, reaching deeper into her stomach. A hand gently rested against her shoulder, but even with the lights as dim as they were, she struggled to make out a face, or formulate a realistic person that would be able to stop her right here, right now. *"You trust your instincts too much."* The voice that belonged to the hand suddenly spoke, and two dots in the spider's web of possibilities connected within her mind, but no figure revealed itself. The pressure in her abdomen remained, and gritting her teeth, she stood steadfast, refusing to move, refusing to speak, completely freezing herself on the spot, all whilst a burning, wetting sensation started to run down to her toes from her stomach. *"You're only making this harder for yourself."* The voice continued, their voice much more stern than before. By now, it had become clear that she had walked straight into an open dagger, one that was now finding its way deeper and deeper into her abdomen, draining her strength which already was at its lowest point. She coughed loudly, her teeth remaining gritted firmly, while blood found its way past her lips too. The burning sensation in her abdomen remained as the dagger continued to force its way into her skin, past her dress. Time was running out, and she was fully aware of this too, but even so, she refused to comply and open her eyes to confront this mysterious figure. **"Not now."** Her mind echoed. **"You will wake."** It said, over and over again. Whoever this figure was, she refused to obey their wishes.
  
A twist of the dagger finally changed her mind. Her eyes opened wide in an instant, illuminating the dim hallways, and revealing the figure that had been pressing the dagger into her abdomen deeper and deeper over the past minute. A puddle of blood had already accumulated ever since the , but was overshadowed by the pair of wings that had spread open wide from her back, dwarfing the six small wings that were at the back of her head. With a loud cough, the reality of the situation kicked in as all senses now began to register the pain, the injured nerves finally sending their signals to her brain, which worsened as the deeply rooted dagger was violently pulled out of her abdomen. With a loud grunt, she leaned forward, struggling to keep her balance, even if the freshly made wound had already numbed down just mere moments after the dagger had left her body. *"Why does our angel always have to cause a fuss?"* The voice before her smirked. Twirling the dagger on her fingertip, the last drops of blood that stuck to the blade fell to the floor, landing on both of their respective dresses on their way down. **"You're.. one to talk.. Veyra.."** She grunted back, with more blood seeping from her lips, dripping to the floor from her chin. Her breathing remained shallow, and her hand was now pressed firmly against the rapidly healing wound in her stomach. Her dress had been ruined, the already-black robe now stained in a crimson red, encapsulating a cleanly-cut hole, but right now, that was the least of her worries. \
*"There's a reason you're in an Abyss, Emily."* Veyra's stern voice echoed throughout the halls, and looking up, Emily saw the iridescent eyes gaze deeply into her own. The dress she wore matched the colours of her irises, ranging from a deep violet, into a bright green, the edges a tinted pink. Emily's brows furrowed, and biting her lip, she tried to keep herself from lashing out immediately, especially with the wound still hampering her movement. After a few shallow breaths, she regained her strength ever so slightly, and mumbled back. **"Then why didn't you-"** \  
*"You wandered off, and got lost in your mind. Puncturing your nerves was the only way to get your attention."* Veyra immediately interrupted her, her own brows furrowing too, the dagger held firmly in her hand. Her surrealistic eyes continued to gaze deeply into Emily's own, each and every individual colour surrounding her iridescent pupil shimmering brightly, before a slight smile appeared on her face. *"At least it's brought your wings out of hiding."* \  
Emily groaned. The enormous, satin white wings that sprouted from her shoulder blades wrapped around her own body, covering up her stomach in a means to present her wings, and hide her body, especially the wound that her familiar had inflicted on her just moments ago. **"You're delaying the inevitable."** She scoffed, her brows remaining furrowed, and her lip twitched. The pain of the wound was persistent, and especially now, she was no longer able to differentiate whatever state of existence the two of them were in right now from reality. \  
*"If you insist."* Veyra smirked back, a warm smile appearing on her face, her eyes opening wide and pulsing vibrantly. She lifted her hand upright, the dagger that had been held tightly in it now levitating freely above her discoloured hand. Much like the ends of her dress, her hand possessed a strange, deep pink colour, but unlike those of Angel, didn't have a similar pattern that stretched out towards her elbow. With an annoyed expression on her face, her wings remained wrapped before her chest, as her heterochromatic eyes followed the change in pattern that became more apparent on the levitating dagger. The stained blood had washed off in a mere second, and in just another few more, the blade itself began to disintegrate, breaking itself apart, with each and every unique piece evaporating into thin air. The grip soon followed, each individual thread that composed the leather grip burning away into nothing but dust, levitating and floating above Veyra's hand. Whatever remained of the dagger was now reduced to no more than a cloud of dust, accumulated and swirling above her pink hand, which she slowly lowered and held right before Emily's eyes. *"Need I explain?"* She smiled, the swirl of dust accelerating and revolving quicker above her hand and before Emily's eyes, which began to pulse more intensively which each revolution the dust took. In a matter of seconds, it became clear that it was beginning to form itself into a new shape, one that was akin to a rhombus, consisting exclusively of the generated dust. Emily squinted her eyes, while her right eye fully closed in an attempt to halt the extreme load of information that was being fed into her mind. All unique and different forms that this piece of cosmic dust had ever taken were being displayed directly into Emily's mind, who wrapped her wings against her body even further, attempting to shield herself from the excess stress on her body and mind. 

A gust of wind brought the formation of the element above Veyra's hand to an end, which washed away the lingering mist that had gotten more intense ever since Emily had stepped through her wooden door. Her wings returned to their regular idle position, while those on her head were still spread open wide. Slowly, her eyes reopened, the intensive pulsing of her eyes having stopped altogether, as she now was given a proper look at the rhombus-shaped element levitating above Veyra's hand, which was illuminated slightly by the luminescence of the rock. A wide smile was on her face, and her expression remained stern, as her eyes drew back to gaze directly into Emily's once more.

*"The Voyage resumes."*