# DREAMSEEKER - Call of the Void
*// Description due.*
## Maria Limáida
*// Note: Maria's Call of the Void segments are due for a reorganisation and rewrite. What's currently written below is subject to change and reordering.*
## January 2025 concept
The common theme throughout Maria's *Call of the Void* will most likely be something akin to *dancing*. Additonally, it'd highlight end explain existing key points such as the facts she:
- Already had the sparkles appear during Spider's Web in Kósfrii (Despite not actively trying out anything with it) - Which is explained in the sense of atoms and such physically appearing before her in a means to create a "Key" and creating "Seams" for Maria to tug or pull at (Which is her role as "Cosmic Weaver")
- Why she has some sort of control over cosmic pressure during INSIGHT where Amica and Victoria attempted to kill her in Pahlatlán (Because she began to listen to the Call of the Void and began to learn how to utilise her power in a way of dancing, and in the process she learned how to control it at will, similarly to Polaris and her eyes)
- Why she eventually rejected it after reaching Amadnésam and meeting Polaris (Which currently exists as a COTV entry but might merge into Dreamseeker)
### (LIMBO) CALL OF THE VOID - I
Meditating. Head facing the ceiling, buried in the pillow beneath, with her hands resting flat on her stomach. In, and out, her chest rose as fresh oxygen found it's way to her lungs through her nose, to complete the cycle and exit through her mouth in a long, deep exhalation. It didn't take long for that raspy, distant, and echoey voice to find its way into her mind again. \
*"Blood."* It cried, only to stay quiet for a moment. Maria could feel her heart pound in her chest, and even through the fabric of her bra, undershirt, and sweater, it was the loudest thing in her bedroom. \
*"Collapse it."* It demanded, and blinking, her eyes focused on the otherwise uninteresting ceiling above her head. \
*"Force. Gravity. Tug on it."* It repeated, having found a target, and now demanding an action, leaving Maria's heart rate increase continually. \
*"Bring it down. Every floor. Spill-"* \
**"You talk a lot."** Maria interrupted the drinking voices, her hands remaining flat on her stomach, but her eyes having closed, visualising the voices, but only able to fabricate it as a liquid, floating and iridescent metal, vibrating as it spoke, central within an endless void. Not even the stars could illuminate the two. \
*"You toy with the cosmos. Embrace it."* \
**"Be more specific."** \
*"Through blood I flow, through mind I aid, the cosmos aids you, now it demands you."* \
Maria's brows furrowed. **"That's, less specific."** \
If the odd voice could sigh, it would. *"Through blood I flow."* \
**"Physically?"** \
*"Correct. Your blood is enriched."* \
**"I'm honoured."** \
The thumping of her heartbeat slowed, but to no concern. \
*"I'm in control."* \
**"Not sure you are."** \
*"You are simply a vessel of the cosmos. Advance no further, unless you embrace."* \
Maria sighed, and looked away from the iridescent metal, looking around her, behind her, finding a few stars appear in the far distance. **"So, where've you put us?"** \
*"Irrelevant."* \
Maria's brows furrowed once more. **"You're a pain to converse with."** \
*"Tug at the strings, pull at the seams."* \
**"If you insist."** Maria sighed, the sparkles around her hand forming once more, appearing from her wrist, and centering around her fingers, swirling between their gaps. **"Is this yours?"** \
*"Correct."* \
**"Figures."** She sighed, and in an instant, the sparkles disappeared once more. **"You never bothered saying hi sooner than this?"** \
*"Never were you closer than now."* \
**"You sure love your vagueness."** \
For a moment, Maria looked to the floor, or the lack thereof. \
**"Have you been here long?"** \
*"From inception."* \
**"...Figures.."**

A knock on her door snapped her out of her trance, and immediately disrupted her vision. Blinking a few times, her vision returned to normal, but the iridescent metal was the last to vanish. *"Dr. Limáida! Dr. Miglháida needs you for something!"* The voice called, and taking a deep sigh, she promptly replied. **"Spatial lab? I'll be there in a moment.."**

### (LIMBO) CALL OF THE VOID - II
A deep exhale revealed her breath exiting her lips, forming a little plume of steam, which was quick to evaporate and vanish in the cold air once more. Snow could be seen decorating the floors and the streets of Amadnésam, which housed her destination. At least, the voice in her head claimed it to be there. \
*"The rift nears. The voyage will resume. In cosmos, unity remains."* \
Maria sighed, looking at her feet which sank in the snow. She was now traversing through a grass field in the outskirts of Amadnésam, where a generous amount of snow had accumulated over the past few days. **"Now in a language I understand.."** \
*"L'unità si avvicina."* \
Maria stood still in her tracks, and inhaled deeply through her nose. The cold air irritated her airways, but exhaling deeply through her mouth, that feeling quickly dissipated. **"Terrifying."** 

The further she walked, the more her vision distorted. Even though she felt like she was approaching the enormous campus area in western Amadnésam, her vision told her otherwise. It began to blur in the edges of her vision, and she struggled to determine whether it was from the cold, or if there actually was a "rift" approaching, like the voice in her head was telling her. Nevertheless, now that she had come this far, she wouldn't turn around once more. Even if the answers could be none, *any* answer would suffice at this point. \
*"I'm surprised to see you have answered the calls."* A new voice echoed in her mind, and while she couldn't see who it belonged to, she could already imagine that it belonged to a young woman. *"We haven't met before. I'm intrigued."* \
Maria stood still in her tracks once more. The snow had long stopped falling, but in an instance, she felt like the ambient temperature was increasing by the second. Every breath she took left her feeling increasingly dizzy, the air becoming more and more stuffy, more humid and hotter. \
*"The voice in your head, young Feline."* The rang, its voice much more stern, much more direct than before. *"What does it tell you?"* \
Maria gritted her teeth, annoyed by the fact that she was already being given the nickname of "Feline", even if it had been less than a month since she was infected with Leremkov. The voice in her head cried out, and in unison, they spoke and responded. **"Tear at the seams."** \
A pink glow could be seen in the distance in the sky, but it didn't belong to a distant star, and instead, was within Lúniks's atmosphere. Maria's vision distorted further, and looking back at her feet beneath her, they were no longer buried in the layer of snow, and instead were now standing on soaking grass. It had begun storming. 





### CALL OF THE VOID - I
*// Kósfrii, 2072. Álef, 2075. And now, Jóukmandar, 2076. Wherever it was she went, strange sparkles revolving around her hands would follow her, appearing at random, but never making clear to her just why they were present. Still recovering from the loss of Raléi even so soon after the accident in Álef-Nórem, a voice begins to ring in her head. It chants almost unintelligible nonsense to her, and it begins to irk her the wrong way. She had to get ready for her return to Carbine soon, but that didn't seem to get the voice to change its mind. "Tear at the seams" it repeated over and over again, and each time it did, those same sparkles reappeared on her hand.*

In and out, her breaths would enter her lungs through her nose, and exit deeply through her mouth. She'd lost count of how many days it had been since she began meditating this way, but it was necessary for her to stay calm, to stay composed. Everywhere she went, everywhere she looked, traumas returned, nightmares presented themselves before her eyes once more. That fateful day in Álef-Nórem was one she was doomed to remember wherever she would set foot. No matter how hard she tried, it refused to leave her mind, it simply *couldn't* leave her mind. Reopening her eyes, she was reminded once more as she opened her hands before her, the faint shimmer of the ceiling light reflecting on the ring that was fit snugly around her ring finger on her right hand. It housed a diamond stone, which had found its way to sit at the bottom of her finger, for her eyes to clearly see. In the inner ring, the name *Alentikíles* was engraved, as was *Limáida* on the other ring. But only one ring remained, the other remained buried until the end of time in the Álef underground in Nórem, where that fateful day happened months ago. \
She exhaled deeply through her mouth, the warm breath brushing against her hands before evaporating and matching the room temperature. She squinted her eyes for just a moment, suppressing tears from falling for what would be the twelfth day in a row. Her eyes were dried out, having cried for days on end from experiencing the loss, the grief, the depression each and every single day, but as tough as it was to achieve, the only option for her was to move on. To dig her heels into the ground, and prevent herself from falling backwards, from falling into the endless depths, the endless cycle of grief, depression, and endless trauma. After all, she hadn't reached the end of her own staircase, she was still at the very beginning. And for her, the next few steps would arrive soon. Owen had called her back a week or two ago, informing her that Carbine was beginning its reconstruction in the science branches it once thrived in, and explained to her that they were looking into setting up a space division. It had warmed her heart, and made it flutter for just a moment when she received the call. Carbine was where she had worked at during her internship four years ago, and astronomy was something she specialised in. If anything, it would be *the* job for her to take. And while her teeth were gritted from the stress, from the nerves, from the ever-cycling memories and feelings of grief were dominant in her mind at the time, it was the first time she stood steadfast in her living room with her phone pressed against her ears. **"Count me in."** She had said. And all that was left now, was waiting for the day an apartment in Pahlatlán would become available. All that was left now, was for her to swallow away the lump in her throat, and finally move on. As hard as it was, it was a necessary step to take.

***"The seams."*** A strange, cryptic voice rang in her head, and reopening her eyes, she looked up at the ceiling. Even though a poster was taped to the ceiling, it was nothing but a blur to her without her glasses, but she didn't need her glasses to remark another strange thing that was happening in her bedroom. As if the room was filled with fireflies, small luminescent sparkles had appeared floating freely in the air, swirling in odd patterns but remaining otherwise suspended in the air. A glance at her hands revealed not just her ring, but also the ever-familiar sparkles revolving around her palms, swirling around her fingers. It wasn't a strange sight for her to see, she'd seen it years ago in Kósfrii for the very first few times, but never was it explained what it meant. Never was it told why the sparkles appeared, and frankly, she wasn't bothered by the lack of an explanation either. Life had resumed as normal for her after her internship in Kósfrii, and since, the sparkles dwindled. But they had never been this vibrant, they had never been this clear. \
Clumsily, she took a hold of her glasses on her nightstand, and putting them on, it became clear to her that it weren't fireflies, but rather unique and independent sparkles revolving almost randomly in the air. She glanced at her hand once more, and the sparkles continued to revolve around it. ***"Tear at the seams"*** the cryptic voice called once more, and looking back up in surprise, her eyes darted across every corner in her room, trying to find the source of the voice, but instead, finding none. ***"Strike the chord."*** It called. ***"Weave the fabric."*** It said. Exhaling deeply, she closed her eyes once more, having seen the sparkles in the air flutter, the sparkles revolving faster around her hands each and every time the voice spoke to her. **"I'm dreaming.."** She whispered to herself, pressing her hand against her forehead, inhaling deeply and exhaling slowly afterwards to try and ease up her body once more. Her head sank back in her pillow behind her after putting her glasses back in the nightstand. Her eyes remained closed, but strangely enough, she could *feel* the sparkles revolving around her hands, she *knew* they were levitating in the air. Opening her eyes slightly after tossing herself on her side, she glanced at her alarm clock on her nightstand. **"It's 03:34.."** She sighed, wrapping her hands around her pillow and closing her eyes shut tight. **"Too early.."**

### CALL OF THE VOID - II
*// She meditated in bed with her eyes closed. Each time she did, the same particles began to form and revolve around her hands once more, and also appeared floating freely in the air before her. They began to form intricate patterns, similarly to the constellations in the night sky. But no matter what shape they assumed, it remained one large, unsolvable puzzle for her. "Tear at the seams." The voice continued to call for her. She sighed deeply. "You talk a lot.."*

In and out, her breaths would go. A deep breath in through her nose enriched her lungs with fresh air, and a deep exhalation through her lips would blow out all the stress on her body. She sat in her bed with her back against the wall and her eyes closed, and with each breath that cycled through her body, more sparkles formed in her bedroom, levitating freely in the air, and revolving around her hands. It was a feeling she had gotten used to, a sight she had grown familiar with. When the sun had set and the only thing illuminating her bedroom would be the dim lamp on her nightstand, the luminescent sparkles floating in the air would illuminate the corners of her bedroom. It was a sight to behold, and one she no longer minded seeing. But with each and every night that she would meditate, it felt like steps were being made. The sparkles were beginning to form odd shapes. She could recognise constellations within them, the Small and Big Dipper, and even the constellation of Sagittarius could be seen floating freely in the air. The the longer she looked, the more the odd pressure in the room began to increase. And like clockwork, another familiar piece of the puzzle made itself present once more. 

***"Blood."*** The cryptic voice cried, staying quiet for a moment afterwards, allowing her to think of the meaning behind it. But where words in her mind failed, her body was quick to take the hint, and to both her surprise and disgust, she began to take notice of the blood rushing through her veins. Her heart rate felt like it had increased tenfold, pounding loudly in her chest, and even through the fabric of her clothing, it was the loudest thing in her bedroom, reverberating against the walls and through the sparkles in the air. ***"Collapse it."*** The voice rang as it mysteriously noticed her gaze averting to her ceiling. It was relatively uninteresting and lacked any means of decoration except for the one poster above her head and an unpowered ceiling fan and light. But once more, the voice seemed to notice her fixation on the fan, and continued to call for her. ***"Force gravity. Tug on it."*** It instructed her, and tilting her head, she began to look at the details of the mounting of the ceiling fan. It lacked any sort of screws or framing, so she presumed it must've been mounted from the attic downwards, but she'd never gone up the attic in the past weeks to confirm it, nor did she really have any intention to. But once more, that thought process didn't interest this mystic voice, who continued to call for her, who continued to instruct her. ***"Bring it down. Every floor. Spill-"*** \
**"You talk a lot."** She rudely interrupted the voice, a hint of annoyance in her voice as she broke the droning, echoing noise of the increasing pressure. The sparkles that had begun vibrating in the open air had returned to a quiet state, but her head remained tilted as she stated at the ceiling fan, drawn into the various parts that made up the fan as a whole. She trued to visualise the voice, giving it a face that matched its cryptic sound, but ultimately, nothing came to appear but the sparkles in the air and around her hands. ***"You trifle with the cosmos. Embrace it."*** The voice rang, but her annoyance remained. It wasn't being clear to her, and it was beginning to disturb her. **"Be more specific."** She instructed the voice, her eyes having drawn back to the seemingly endless sea of sparkles floating in her bedroom. ***"Through blood I flow, through mind I aid. The cosmos aids you, now it demands you."*** \
She sighed deeply, closing her eyes and pressing her hand against her forehead, feeling the strange pressure intensify as her sparkling hand pressed against her head. **"That's.. less specific."** She said back, reopening her eyes after just a few moments. The sparkles in the air had condensed themselves into a more packed shape, resembling a sphere that contained an infinitely smaller number of particles within it, all connected with various lines and strings. She'd seen this exact formation before, but struggled to remember when the last time had been. Her head stung, and her eyes squinted slightly the deeper she put her mind to it, until it suddenly clicked. **"The Spider's Web.."** She whispered under her breath, her eyes opening wide, her green eyes sparkling intensively now that she recognised what she was looking at. She recognised the Milky Way within it, and the deeper she looked, the further she leaned forward, the more it became familiar to her. She recognised the Local Group, the Solar system, and all the way in the very centre of the sphere, she held out her hand to have the Choreos system levitate above it. Her planets became clear to her, recognising Lóivonus, Márivonus, but at the very heart, she could recognise herself. **"Lúniks.."** \
***"Woven elegantly, is it not?"*** The voice called, its tone having flipped completely now that she had indulged into the mysteriousness of it all before her. She nodded slowly, staring at the Choreos system in awe, as the voice continued to explain, maintaining its vagueness. ***"A weaver you are, bending fabric to your will, until it matches that what you desire."***

**// This is unfinished. ^ (!!)**

### CALL OF THE VOID - III 
*// She meditated in her living room, but instead of laying on her back, she stood upright and faced the curtains before her. With deep breaths entering and exiting her nose, she saw the sparkles appear once more in the air before her, and lifting up her hands, so did they appear revolving around her fingers. She kept her eyes wide open, beginning to understand how to trigger these sparkles at will, but their purpose was still vague. "Weaver." The voice rang in her ear, and the sparkles now swirled into a shape before her hands, resembling a hand of their own made from these strange, luminescent sparkles. "A dance?" She asked in confusion, taking a hold of the hand before her, feeling a strange, realistic feedback from taking the sparkling hand before her, accepting the "invitation to dance." The voice remained mysterious. "Formulate the melody."*

### CALL OF THE VOID - IV
*// She meditated in her dormitory. It'd been about two weeks since she'd made her return to Carbine Industries, leaving behind her home in Jóukmandar once more to reside in the Pahlatlán Campus. Work would resume as intended, but with the sparkles ever present around her hands in her every day life, so did the pursuit in finding their source and discovering the meaning behind it all. "You weave elegantly." The voice rang as the two held hands once more, complimenting her as they rehearsed their steps in the dance, the fabric forming in the process. "The fabric is rough. Though the melody is elegant." It was still vague to her, but she felt that it was becoming easier to come to terms with her strange visions. Perhaps, she was indeed just dancing with her illusions. But perhaps, she was actually on the doorstep of understanding something that went beyond her understanding.*

### CALL OF THE VOID - V
*// She meditated in her open research hall. The sound of their string melody reverberated far off the edges of the hall in the Carbine campus. It was a hall reserved entirely for herself, where she would conduct research on the topic of spatial technologies on matters for space engineering, but also to research and understand the cosmic mystery that she was holding hands with. "Tear at the seams." The voice repeated once more, its glimmering hand pinching their index finger and thumbs together, as if it were holding a string. Curiously, she mimics the motion, and took a hold of a pair of sparkles that levitated freely in the open air, resembling a strand of hair, a freely waving piece of yarn. Feeling feedback, she gently held this sparkling string of sparkles, and began to pull it down, the cosmic pressure increasing as it went down, the cosmic distortion overwhelming her as a result. "The fabric is torn." The voice remarks. "The edges are rough. Though your melody is clear." She sighed deeply. After all, she was indeed on the cusp of discovering the meaning of something beyond her understanding.*

### DREAMSEEKER - IV
*// Polaris's beacon reaches Maria, and the pressure it carries leads her on the long journey towards Amadnésam, where the first of many mysterious visions begin to occur. "Weaver" is repeated continuously in her head, but before long, it's also told straight to her face. Before her, within the snowy landscape of Central Máneá, stands Polaris with eye open wide. "To follow the beacon." She said with an innocent expression on her face. "Where will you guide the fabric next?"*

### ECHOED IMMERSION - I - COSMIC DISRUPTION
*// Despite adjusting to the strange cosmic powers she now weaves and controls, never did it become clear what the meaning behind it truly was. Despite her "elevated powers", her everyday life remains the same in Némiskéi, and time begins to fly by as she once more begins to ignore the strings floating before her eyes rather then interacting and weaving the cosmic fabric with them. Late at night, she returns to the Pahlatlán campus to retrieve a prototype Core from the upper levels of the Carbine Tower, but looking at her reflection in the aluminium panels before her, inconsistency appears. The lights of the floors she passes while ascending the tower flash her reflection before her, but at floor 46, the reflection becomes that of a person she'd never seen before. Floor 47 returned it to normal, but her expression had changed into one with surprise. What had just happened?*

### ECHOED IMMERSION - II - PARALLEL PRESENCE
*// The reflection on floor 46 continues to bother her, and every now and then, she chooses to go to the same floor at the same time, wondering if she can replicate the effect. Her reflection on floor 46 is never the same, and the pressure she feels is consistent, no matter where her elevator is headed towards. With a heavy heart, and with confidence having built up over the past few days, she chooses to challenge fate, and pause the elevator at this mysterious 46th floor. If her reflection doesn't match, then what could it possibly mean?*

That rippled feeling never dissipated since, and with each breath she took, the meditation ritual she would always perform to ease up her muscles and calm down her mind began to stop bearing its fruits, and rather worsened what it was intended to do. Once more, she stood alone in the elevator, the darkness of the sky making it so that the only source of light would be the dim, power-saving light at the top of the elevator. It wasn't enough to illuminate what was held in her hands, but it was enough to give a glimpse of herself in the reflective aluminium doors before her. The elevator chimed, and looking up, she caught one last glimpse of herself in the reflection. The grey jacket had become a signature casual way of expressing her fashion, but it was only accenting her brown, shoulder-length hair. The glimmer in her green eyes was easily visible even through her glasses, but now looking up to the ceiling of the elevator, she read the floor she had reached. *"Firte-sés."* The elevator chimed, backed up by the matric display above the doors displaying the number "46". Whatever was on this floor in the Carbine Tower, it was distorting the reality surrounding her, and looking further up, it was already prominent. 

She stared up on the ceiling, which was made of the same reflective aluminium that composed the rest of the elevator, and found herself staring her own reflection. But it wasn't the reflection she saw just a moment ago. Her eyes locked with those in the reflection, her once green-coloured irises gradually melting away into ones with a multitude of colours. She could make out pink, blue, green, and every colour in-between could be seen in the corners of her eyes. Not bleeding out like those of *Nora*, but still enough to tell her that it was the **Voyage**'s doing, and not something else that was otherworldly. \
She chose to close her eyes, the enormous halo behind her head shimmering in the last moments before her eyelids hid the world before her, and she inhaled deeply. Exhaling deeply through her mouth, she turned around, her back now facing the doors of the elevator as she inhaled and exhaled once more. *Once more*. ***Once more***. The pressure in the elevator was increasing, and the longer she took the time to calm herself down, the more the pressure increased. In, out, in, out, her breaths would go, until she reopened her eyes slowly, facing an endless sea of curtained, golden strings dangling from above. Water had found its way to rest under her feet, but to even her own surprise, her feet refused to submerge into the miniature lake that had formed beneath her. In fact, she was already confident that she was no longer standing in the elevator, nor that she was standing in reality at all. 

Carefully and delicately, her hands brushed past the sea of golden strings before her as she gradually stepped forward, each step creating ripples in the water beneath her as she marched onwards. Her eyes were wide open, her dress brushing gently over the water behind her, seeking into the far edges of this void she found herself in. The sparkles remained around her hand, but had long stopped revolving rapidly between her fingers, and instead remained stationary around her hand up to her wrist, creating a delicate, illusionary glove that interacted with the strings they brushed against, sparking wildly, waiting to be touched, waiting eagerly to be woven into fabric, as if their only purpose was to be woven into reality beneath her. *"Into the waters of Oceana-1."* One string called. *"Above the skies of the Vászi."* Another string begged. *"Through the forests of the Amazonia"* A string cried. Her hands brushed through them all, hearing their pleas and listening to them attentively, but closing her eyes, their wishes would not be granted just yet. She simply had no time to, and as selfish as it sounded, she had to discover the meaning of this immersive void first, rather than becoming submerged within it. The water beneath her was strong enough to keep her from plunging within it, but it required strength from herself to prevent sinking, too. Losing this focus would mean she would submerge within it, and eventually, it could all spiral out of control. It wasn't a thought she wanted to have on her mind, but each time she stood on this body of water, it was inevitable for that memory to make its return. \
Her hand reached a stop, brushing against a golden string, and exhaling softly, she gently inspected it. **"What a quiet memory.."** She mumbled to herself, a distant smile appearing on her face as she inspected and read the string from its top to its bottom, pulling it down from the far edges of the sky above her, and allowing it to levitate above her now-glowing hand, it malformed into a more cohesive shape, rather than a single strand of yarn. The halo behind her head glowed brightly, the edges of her dress a bright purple, as the yarn was woven into a delicate piece of fabric, its story becoming more cohesive in the process, its identity being revealed as she covered the newly-woven sheet of fabric with her hands, holding it delicately against her chest as she closed her eyes. *"A quiet memory"*, the fabric's title became, reflecting what the fabric had become, too ‒ a plain, monotone coloured piece of fabric that at a glance didn't reveal anything special, but was hiding a much more potent story behind the first layer. 

New ripples had reached her feet, colliding with those she had made herself after having continued her walk through this void, and with her eyes reopening, she faced her reflection once more. Her brows furrowed as she recognised who the reflection belonged to, and even though she was aware of the illusion she found herself within, she was also aware that that reflection was not her own, and instead was a fabrication of her own mind. **"Is my presence unwelcome?"** She remarked in a slightly-annoyed tone, continuing to stare with furrowed brows into the direction that the reflection had last stood. *"The contrary, rather."* The voice replied. It was a similar tone to her own voice. She sighed deeply, the annoyance in her voice and mind doubling. The direction that the illusion was headed towards was the last thing she wanted to go through, and yet, it seemed like there was no way to break out of this immersion anymore. Despite it being an illusion, all that she experienced was real. **"I will not weave her back into rea-"** \
*"Raléi does not need to be woven back. It's a chapter you closed, is it not?"* The reflection rudely interrupted her, and turning around, the two stood face to face once more. One possessed a frown, the other possessed a smile. *"And yet, you stand within the waters of the Voyage, weaving those that cry to be woven into reality. You accept their dance, you accept their wish, and grant it without questions asked. Through and through, you are a Voyager, are you not?"* \
**"I'm not-"** \
*"Would I exist if you were not?"* The malicious smile on her reflection's face grew wider, and her reflection took another step closer to herself. *"Through and through, the Weaver has written the present and future, and even now, you are writing the future."* The two now stood face to face, and while her brows furrowed even further, so widened her reflection's smile. *"Maria, through and through, you stand among the others as the Cosmic Weaver of the Voyage. A title unrejectable, and yet, you've let go of Polaris's hand."* \
The reflection gently brushed Maria's chin, before turning around elegantly, the water beneath her feet forming ripples that spread into the far distance. Holding out her hand, she took a hold of a lonely string waving in the quiet air, and as it levitated above her hand, the halo behind her head shimmered in a feint purple colour. *"She who weaves cannot be woven."* She said quietly, a warm smile appearing on her face once more as she read the string's title before turning around to face Maria once more, who stood steadfast in place. *"In control of every atom in the universe, weaving its fabric and controlling even fate itself."* She smiled, the string of yarn floating freely in the air as it was effortlessly woven into a piece of fabric of its own. *"And yet, you are powerless over your own fate."* \
**"Stop."** Maria interrupted her reflection with a stern tone in her voice. Her brows remained furrowed, and the frown on her face was impossible to miss. A face she had kept up for minutes by now. She exhaled deeply, the teardrop-shaped halo behind her rotating by a quarter as she crossed her arms. **"I do not reject the Voyage. I cannot reject these abilities, the title that I bear."** She continued, her multicoloured eyes shimmering slightly in the distant glow of the moon, its reflection illuminating the endless body of water beneath their feet. Looking down, she faced the authentic reflection of herself, but looking back up, she saw a smile begin to appear on her false reflection. **"But there are still dreams left for me to pursue."** \
Her reflection snickered. *"And in that thought process, you forget one important fact."* Her smile grew wider, and the ripples in the water intensified. The ground beneath them began to shake, and her reflection's eyes began to glow brighter and brighter the more intense the ground shook. An earthquake with an ever-increasing magnitude, leaving her begin to struggle to stay standing still on the water beneath her feat, wave of increasing size splashing against her feet, ankles, before reaching her knees in just a few seconds. Their two gazes met, and while she had a face of worry and uncertainty on her face, it was the polar opposite on her reflection's face. *"Maria, have you forgotten?"* She smiled. *"You needn't to worry about the time you have left. Those attempts on your life had all been futile for one reason. Do you remember?"* \
Maria averted her eyes, the halo behind her head returning back to its regular position as she watched the waves beneath her feet intensify with every second, the scratching of metal ringing in the far distance, reminding her of an event she wished she could forget. The ringing of tracks bending and deforming, the collapse of concrete layers on concrete layers. *"No matter where you are, you are the Cosmic Weaver."*

*"You are immortal."*

The waves reached her face, and a wave of water against her head knocked her out cold, finally submerging her beneath the waters of the void. Her own voice continued to echo through her head, reminding her of that what she was. *"You are immortal."* The voice echoed and bounced off every corner within the water she was sinking deeper into, drilling through her head like a sonar while her senses became more numb with every second. She closed her eyes, the water drowning out the noise surrounding her, the pressure of the ocean increasing while the pressure of the cosmos began to relieve itself, exchanging the stress on her body that she experienced from a cosmic force, to one that was natural. The halo behind her back dimmed, having rotated halfway, and emitting a faint purple glow, she gradually returned to a state of slumber, succumbing to the pressure from the ocean, the voice in her head reminding her every second of what she was, of who she was, before everything faded to black once more.

The quiet electronic whirr of the motor outside brought her back to her senses, and slowly reopening her eyes, she once more stood in a pitch-black elevator shaft. The only source of light was the matrix display indicating the floor level she found herself on. *"32"*, it read, and watching it descend down to the main floor, she sighed deeply. *"You are immortal."* Her own voice continued to remind her, repeating it over and over again, giving her no moment to rest or even think about the meaning behind something as ominous as that. The elevator continued to descend. *"14"*, the matrix display now read, and lost in thought, it was only a matter of seconds before it chimed, having reached the bottom floor of the Pahlatlán Campus. Her eyes reopened fully, but the exhaustion within them could not be hidden. Stepping out of the elevator shaft, a glimpse into the various halls already told her enough, and the blackened windows only reinforced that theory. It was incredibly late, and she was walking alone through the campus, every other member of Carbine, and each of its subsidiaries, had already long gone home, and exhaling deeply, she was soon to follow them. Step by step, she dragged herself forwards through the barren and empty halls within the campus. Walking by artworks, framed portraits of people of interest, past the public bathrooms and the central cafetaria, all to reach the end of the Campus to go upwards once more towards her dormitory. She pinched the bridge of her nose, forcing herself to stay awake for just a moment longer, but passing a mirror as she approached the floor her dormitory resided at, she froze in place, and her eyes reopened wide. **"The halo."** She thought to herself, standing dead still in her tracks as she eyed herself in the reflection in the mirror. It belonged to the face she had seen in the mirror since she had finished elementary school in Jóukmandar, but never before was it accompanied with the teardrop-shaped halo behind her back. *"You are immortal."* Her own voice reminded her, and it was reinforced by the halo that shimmered slightly. A shimmer and glow that she no longer saw in her own, green eyes. \
**"Remind me not."** She scoffed, turning away from the mirror, feeling the halo turning behind her back but no longer seeing it with her own eyes. With strong steps, she forced herself towards her own front door, closing her eyes as she entered her dormitory, promptly closing the door behind her, and exhaled deeply through her mouth. The only source of light was the blinking of her Terminal in the far edge of the living room, which doubled as a home office, which was processing simulated date in the background. She reopened her eyes, fearing to see her own false reflection once more, but seeing none, a troubled smile formed on her face out of relief. Only now was she given the chance to let the reality of it all dawn in on her mind, as everything clicked into place. Every action she had ever taken and every event that had ever happened in her past, she now saw it differently, the sparkled reappearing between her fingertips once more as her mind put it to thought. Not once did someone successfully take her life. The shot in Álef had missed, and instead of a lucky prediction, it was the fabric that had shifted into her favour. Instead of being pierced and killed in Deth-Kelétam, it was the fabric that had shifted their will. Instead of being shot in Pahlatlán, it was the fabric she personally weaved that prevented her from firing her rifle. Never had it made sense to her until now, now that she had consciously woven the quiet memory of a string within that void. Only now did her reflection's words make sense to her. \
**"She who weaves cannot be woven.."** She sighed, the quiet whirring and beeping from the Terminal in the corner of her room providing the only sound in her dormitory apart from her own voice. She sighed deeply, closing her eyes once more and clenching her fist, allowing the sparkles to disappear and evaporate into their natural cosmic state once more as she whispered to herself. **"Until death reunites me with the cosmos.."** She began, the halo behind her emitting a dim, purple glow, illuminating the walls in her hallway as she stepped out of it. Her eyes glowed, but were hidden behind her eyelids, her natural green eyes once more becoming mixed with the pink and blue that she saw in her reflection in the elevator. **"No."** She said, interrupting and preventing herself from entering the endless sea of water and gold she had just exited once more. \
**"I refuse."**

### ECHOED IMMERSION - III - WOVEN ETERNALLY
*// To face oneself in the mirror is one thing. To face an altered reflection of oneself in the mirror is another. But looking into the mirror in her dormitory, she faces not just another reflection of herself, she faces another version of herself. One that could be a precedent for the future of her own life, or one that could never come to blossom in her conscious lifetime. The past now makes sense to her, all that she had gone through has finally been granted a proper explanation, but what lies ahead for her is not the past. "Dr. Miglháida needs your attention in the spatial lab." A colleague called for her over voicemail, and it echoed in her head as she saw her eyes discolour in the mirror, the halo behind her back forming in its ever-familiar teardrop shape. Her future was set not just in stone, but it was written in the cosmos, unalterable by herself. But until then, she had control over the road she would walk towards there. She closed her eyes and sighed deeply, the voice echoing infinitely in her head, reminding her of her immortality no matter where her thought process led her. **"She who weaves cannot be woven."** Her own voice reminded her, and reopening her eyes, she stared at the intricateness of her multicoloured irises. Inhaling deeply once more through her nose, she slowly exhaled through her lips, easing her body and mind as she whispered absentmindedly to herself. "So long I walk on this soil." She begins, meeting her own gaze in the mirror once more as confidence shines brightly on her face. "So long I am in control."*

An endless sea of gold. The clear water at the surface reflected the infinite amount of golden strings out far beyond the visible horizon. She squinted her eyes, hoping to see an end within the void, but it wasn't long before she gave up and looked down to the body of water beneath her feet. The outer edges of the fabric on her dress were glowing in a luminescent purple, reflecting on the water which itself reflected the dark sky above her. A sea of black, accentuated and decorated by golden sparkles. It was a void she had become all too familiar with. \
Her eyes opened wide, and inhaling deeply through her nose, she took the first step forward. Her shoulders brushed against the strings that she walked through, creating a wave within the freely floating strings similarly to how the water rippled beneath her feet, creating a disruption in the balance of the void which would ultimately return to its usual, undisturbed state. Her hand glowed a faint purple, the sparkles revolving around it creating the ever-familiar "glove" that allowed her to interact with the endless sea of strings, of stories, of fate. Holding out her luminescent hand, her eyes crossed the names of many strings, before they landed on a string she was all too familiar with. **"Álef.."** She whispered under her breath, reading the rest of the string as she gradually pulled it down. The further she read, the more her memories reminded her of what had happened in Álef all these years ago. 2075 had not just been the year she had lost her wife, Raléi, to a mafia conflict, but so did she lose Omáti to his disease, and ultimately, so did she lose Nils long after their united Agency had collapsed on that fateful day. The further she pulled the string down, the more of a struggle it became to read, and with eyes wide open, she followed the string upwards to the sky, the pupils within her multicoloured eyes constructing as she realised what the string belonged to. \
*"Is it clear now, Maria?"* A familiar voice rang from behind her, and carefully holding the string in her hand, she turned around to face her reflection once more. Her arms were crossed, as if she were a parent awaiting their child after a mishap at school, but even Maria herself knew that it wasn't something as puny as that. And yet, worry was on full display on her face. *"This thread you're holding."* Her reflection smiled as she gradually approached Maria, who was stunlocked in place as she read the snippets of the string over and over again. \
*"Weave it."* Her reflection commanded, her brows furrowed as the teardrop-shaped halo behind her back was shimmering intensively, matching the iridescence and luminescence in her eyes. \
It left Maria conflicted and confused. **"W-weave this..?"** \
The halo behind her reflection pulsated, and taking one step forward, her hands encapsulated Maria's own, covering the string and covering the story, the reality it told. *"No questions asked. Weave it."* \
Maria gulped, and watching the string reappear in her hand, she cycled the oxygen through her lungs once more. She closed her eyes momentarily, inhaling deeply, before reopening them to face the thread that was now levitating above her hand. Even despite the fact that weaving this string wouldn't change the outcome of anything she had gone through in the past, it was still a lesson that her reflection wanted to learn. After all, if she truly was immortal, and if she truly was set for this fate as a Cosmic Weaver, it couldn't hurt to flow along with this void, even if she could ultimately choose to regret it. Exhaling deeply, the string levitated high above her hand, and now holding out both of her hands, they glowed in a deep purple, reflecting the colour of her pulsating halo. It wasn't before long before she weaved the string into its more cohesive, familiar shape. A piece of fabric, reflecting the reality she would soon descend it upon. Its story became clear: Omáti would die to his illness, Nils would be executed, and Raléi.. \
She tugged at the seams, but she couldn't bring the fabric down any further. To her surprise, she had reached the end of the string, even though its story was incomplete. Looking back up and following the string towards the sky, and only now did it make sense as to why. *"You can't weave further than this.."* Her reflection mocked her, a grin on her face as her eyes met those of Maria, who had looked around to face her reflection once more while the fabric was delicately held in her luminescent hands. The two gazed at one another for a few moments, before Maria's emotions began to eat away at her mind. **"Isn't it..?"** \
*"It is."* Her reflection smiled, her arms remaining crossed. *"The fabric is unfinished. It cannot be woven into reality like you have in the past."* \
The fabric began to crystallise in her hands, and in the water beneath her feet the ripples began to intensify once more. It didn't take long before the fabric in her hand had completely turned into a piece of glass, reflecting her own face full of emotions. The halo behind her was impossible to miss, the few strands of grey hair accentuated her natural brown, and her eyes had long lost their natural green colour. In this form, she didn't need glasses, but that was the least of her concerns now. In the corner of the mirror that had formed in her hands from the fabric, the glass began to fracture, the ripples in the water becoming more akin to waves as the pressure in the void began to pick up once more. The wind rushed between all the strings of fabric hanging from the endless sky as it turned darker with each second, the water no longer able to properly reflect their shine as the waves picked up, reaching her ankles, her knees, her waist. *"Because she who weaves.."* Her reflection began, standing right before her as the waves began to consume the both of them. Her hands delicately held up Maria's own, presenting the fabric-turned-mirror towards her with a grin on her face. The halo behind her back was shimmering intensively, its purple hue reflecting on the waves behind and beneath her as they rushed past the both of them. Her heartbeat was rushing, thumping loudly in her chest as she averted her eyes from those of her reflection, only to face her own eyes in the mirror. *"Go, my Weaver, say it with me."* Her reflection mocked her even further, and pushing up the mirror to Maria's eyes, the waves now reached their necks. It wasn't long before the waves would consume the both of them, but even so, the reality of the fabric held in her hand was one that began to worry her. Of all people that had been aboard the Agency in Kristánisin all these years ago, she herself was the fourth one, and she herself, was the last of those four to still stand. Nils had gone, Omáti had gone, and even three years onwards, Raléi would forever remain gone. And even if she could weave the fabric of reality to her own wishes, it was a fate unalterable. She sighed deeply, and closing her eyes momentarily, she muttered the words under her breath as her reflection followed along. **"She who weaves.."** She began, her eyes reopening as they shimmered intensively, the pink, blue, and green as bright as they could possibly be before the waves reached her eyes and hid the world from them. 

***"Cannot be woven."***

Her eyes reopened in front of her full-length mirror, and watching the halo fracture behind her back and disintegrating once more, her eyes followed suit and returned to their natural green colour. Her hair coloured back to its natural brown, except for a few strands of hair to the left of her face. which remained grey, forever signifying her purpose in the universe, forever reminding her of her eventual fate, whether she liked it or not. Her eyes remained open and she remained steadfast in place, even with the weight of the world, the weight of the universe, now beginning to push her deeper into the ground, deeper into the soil of the planed she walked upon, the planet that she could mould in whichever way she deemed fit, that what she considered to be "home." Holding out her hand before her, she looked at it intently, watching the purple colouring lose its luminescence and disappear from her skin as it crept up to her shoulder, the sparkles that had been revolving around her hands following suit and evaporating in the air as they travelled upwards. The void that she had found herself in just now was something she had grown ever familiar with, and yet, each and every single time she did, it turnt her stomach as soon as she would exit it. Fate was in her hands, but her own was not. 

*"Your phone is ringing."* An all-too familiar voice spoke to her, and breaking the stare with her own reflection in the mirror, she saw the alternative reflection of herself standing in the corner of her dormitory, smiling at the Terminal in the very corner of the room before their two gazes met. *"Will you pick up?"* She asked, and both of their eyes now averted to Maria's phone ringing at her countertop table. Frozen in place, Maria didn't act up on it, and instead could only stare and listen to her ringtone repeat over and over again, before it ultimately stopped, the phone call not having been answered in time. Another chime preceded a voicemail of one of Maria's colleagues. *"Call me back or meet us in the spatial lab when you're back, Dr. Limáida."* A sweet voice called through the speakers of Maria's phone, and while she wasn't able to pick out her name immediately, she knew that it wasn't something that had an extreme urgency. *"Dr. Mighláida needs your attention with something."* The voicemail continued, before a single beep indicated that the message had ended. Holding her breath, Maria clutched her chest, pressing against her heart which was pounding furiously in her chest. Her reflection remained in the corner of her dormitory, idly twirling a pen through her fingers, as if she was awaiting Maria to notice her once more. \
**"Why are you here?"** Maria sighed as her brows furrowed, her eyes having averted from her phone on the table to face her false reflection next to her Terminal. Mimicking and mocking her sigh, she moved away from the wall and stepped into Maria's direction with a grin on her face, still twirling the pen freely through her fingers, before it began to levitate above her purple hand, the toms that made up the pen disintegrating as it stretched the pen outwards, reducing it to nothing but a thread among the sea of others. *"Need I really explain?"* She smirked, her multicoloured eyes beginning to annoy Maria, as she struggled to hold back and not avert her eyes in protest while her reflection only stepped closer towards her. *"I am **you**, Maria. Therefore, why are **you** here?"* \
Maria gulped, and finally breaking her stare with her reflection, her eyes returned to the phone at her table, the single LED blinking in the top right of the corner of her phone reminding her of the voicemail that she had just missed, and the fact that her presence was needed elsewhere. Her heart began to pound furiously in her chest once more, the gravity of the situation, the pressure in her dormitory beginning to increase as her thoughts made her head work overtime. The steps from her reflection came closer with every second, before her familiar, luminescent purple hand rested under her chin once more, carefully and delicately guiding Maria to gaze into her eyes once more. The grin on her reflection's face grew wider and wider, all while Maria's heart pounded louder and louder, reverberating off the walls in her dormitory, drowning out even the buzzing noise from the Terminal in the corner of her room. *"You don't have all day.."* Her reflection teased her, her eyes shimmering brightly while the halo behind her back pulsated, and before Maria could properly put her mind to it, it didn't take long before the similar colour in her reflection's eyes returned in her very own as well. And even though their eyes were locked in a never-ending stare, she could physically feel the halo behind her back form, too, reinforced by the conscious feeling of her clothing changing into her traditional Weaver's attire, one that she had grown too familiar with each time she found herself in that void, that endless sea of gold. *"Subconsciously, you already know."* Her reflection whispered, her grin weakening to nothing more than a warm smile as she could see Maria's halo form behind her back, the top of the teardrop shape completing as it manifested itself in place and gradually emitted its usual faint glow. Her changed attire left her shoulders open bare, which revealed the purple discolouration of her skin that progressively grew as the halo's colour turned from a neutral cold to its natural, iridescent purple glow. Her eyes were soon to follow, and holding out her hands in front of her, it didn't take long before the purple discolouration reached the tips of her fingers, too, completing her transformation as soon as the sea of gold was shown before her once more. Golden strings hung from the ceiling in her dormitory, but no water was at her feet. She felt like she was in that endless void that she had gotten familiar with, but at the same time, she was still grounded to the wooden flooring in her room. The beeping of her Terminal reminded her of the real world that she was in, and the blinking LED reinforced that feeling of reality, but everywhere else, she no longer felt like she was "real". The word had lost meaning to her, and even so, she *knew* that every single thing that was happening was real. *"Do you understand now?"* Her reflection smiled, and inhaling deeply through her nose, Maria nodded, acknowledging the reality she found herself in, the reality of the situation she was in. The "false reflection" that was standing before her wasn't false anymore, and she was a carbon copy of the form that she had assumed in this very moment. The halos were identical, the colouring in their eyes was inseparable, and if their matching clothing wasn't enough to bring her to this realisation, the strands of hair discolouring to a grey colour at the exact same places sure was. Exhaling deeply through her mouth, she held out her hands, and her reflection mimicked the motion as if she was a mirrored image of herself. A single, woven strand of gold formed and levitated above their combined pairs of hands, and while her reflection had a warm smile on her face, her own was one that was especially conflicted, which her reflection took notice of. Her hands were glowing in the same bright shade of purple that composed her halo, which soon reflected into Maria's own hands and halo. *"Forever do you bear these sparkles."* Her reflection began, guiding the string through the both of their fingers, channelling it gently as the sparkles formed in the air and followed the single piece of thread that was to make up their combined fate. *"Forever do you bear these marks on your shoulders."* She continued, and while her reflection looked at Maria's shoulders, Maria herself mimicked that motion and looked at the shoulders of her reflected self, watching them glow in an intricate pattern that spread all the way to their luminescent hands. \
*"Forever do you bear the title and role of the Cosmic Weaver."* 

The thread that had been wrapped around the both of their hands was now pulled back by her reflection, as it levitated above her hands while a sphere of sparkles surrounded it. Slowly but surely, it was being woven by her reflection, and as much as she wanted to interfere with it, Maria could only watch the story unfold before her luminescent eyes. Behind the forming fabric, she could see the eyes of her reflection glow brightly, all the colours in her irises clear and visible for her to see as the halo behind her back shimmered a similarly bright glow. *"The only choice you have, Maria."* She began, holding out the fabric in front of her as it was actively being woven into reality. Maria held her breath, every outcome of the fabric leading to the same ending, and even though she already knew what it was, it was still a pill too tough for her too swallow. No matter what she chose, it was a role that she couldn't reject. It was a future that she couldn't reject, a fate that she couldn't avoid. One way or another, the reflection before here would lose its "falseness", and in due time, whether that would take months, years, or decades, the reflection that was weaving the fabric before her eyes would be a reflection of herself. It would no longer be a mirrored "what-if" version of herself, it would be *herself*. It wasn't just a fate set in stone, it was a fate written deep into the cosmos, a fate unalterable by herself. Her reflection smiled, and the weaving of the fabric abruptly stopped. Her eyes averted from the string that hung from the ceiling, and with eyes wide open, they met Maria's conflicted gaze. \
*"When do you choose to embrace it?"*

With her heart pounding heavily in her chest, Maria moved her hand forward, the purple luminescence reflecting on the floor beneath her, the walls beside her, but the very second her hand touched the fabric, the pressure increased tenfold and broke the sea of gold that she stood within. Her reflection had vanished into thin air, and holding out her hands, the purple glow crept back to her shoulders, giving way to her natural skin colour once more as the purple colouring remained settled on her shoulders and shoulder blades, forever marking her and forever reminding her of her role. The fabric in her hand had vanished, and staring before her, she could only see the light from the Terminal blinking and flashing faintly in the corner of her dormitory, beeping and buzzing as the endless stream of data from the different research divisions in Carbine were fed and processed in it. *"When do you choose to embrace it?"* Her mind echoed, and taking another deep breath through her nose, she exhaled deeply through her lips, allowing her to ease her mind, body, and soul now that the sea of gold had vanished once more. She glanced to her left, watching the colour of her hair return to its natural brown, the halo behind her back disintegrating and vanishing from the top to the bottom, until the purple glow had vanished altogether, all while her eyes returned to their natural green once more. She closed her eyes, the sparkles in the open air omnipresent in her mind, but shaking her head, she allowed herself to think it through once more. Despite the reality of the situation, despite the reality of her own fate, she was conscious, she was mindful, and she was aware as she reopened her eyes to face the mirror straight on. **"So long I walk on this soil.."** She begins, whispering absentmindedly to herself, meeting the gaze of her reflection in the mirror as it deformed once more, and while she knew there was no halo behind her back, the reflection in the mirror proved otherwise. It wasn't a reflection of herself anymore. It was a look into her future, a fate she couldn't avoid, a future that was written in the cosmos for her. No matter what decisions she would make in her life from this point onwards, it was a fate waiting for her at the very end, one that would lead her to the very end of all that the universe had to offer. Author of the stars, weaver of the strings of reality, composer of the cosmos, no matter what one would call it, she would *become* it. But looking around, the blinking LED on her phone reminded her of her humanity, her current position in the world, her current *life*. Her heart remained pounding in her chest, drowning out all the noise in her room, echoing off the walls in her room, which it had been doing for what must've been hours by now. Her mind remained conflicted, the pressure forever present, and once more, it echoed. *"She who weaves, cannot be woven."* Her own voice reminded her, and in the mirror, the intricate patterns on her shoulders shined in a faint purple as the halo glowed. In and out, her breaths went, cycling the oxygen through her system. It was a matter of *when*, not *if*, and absentmindedly, she whispered it to herself, too, in unison with the voice of her reflection in her head.

***"When do you choose to embrace it, Maria?"***




## Polaris
### CALL OF THE VOID - I
*// Emily Østengaard, soon after the completion of Project CORE, is now subject to Project POLARIS. She would undergo a surgery that would implant an unidentified Ultima Organ in her body, allowing her powers from beyond, a technology that hadn't been researched since the collapse of the US many decades ago. Where war had broken out over it on Earth, SOLARdawn's safe haven was believed to be the right place to resume this research.* \
*// The Ultima Organ was promptly rejected by Emily's body, and instead triggered the effect of another deeply rooted mystery that had been in her body since her birth. The Call of the Void, the source of her nightmares, and the reason her eyes allow her to illude and see the history and (perhaps future?) of every object is granted to her instead. "The Voyage commences", the voice continued to ring through her head. And she can only comply and be the subject to this otherworldly force.*

It had been one day since her life-changing surgery. **February 2067**, the calendar read. Nothing more. Shallow breaths reverberated off the walls and ceiling of the bedroom, belonging to the subject of the surgery herself. Her body was at ease, having been fast asleep for almost five hours straight. It helped her body recover, which was deeply necessary after the long surgery, especially helping her recover from the long period of applied anaesthetics. But while her body remained suppressed and numb during her sleep, her mind could not rest. \
Nightmares, haunting her once more. This was the second night in a row where vivid colours, abnormal, surrealistic, and inhuman shapes and forms that couldn't be explained wreaked havoc on her mind. Her eyes had been operated on, but nobody could have predicted what they would allow her to see. She envisioned herself in a grass field, one devoid of life, devoid of any man-made structures, barring a single, crippled tower in the far distance, far out of reach. It must have once stood up to 100 metres high, but now, it had crippled down at least twenty times that height. \
Her eyes closed for a moment, before reopening slowly. The horrors returned, the nightmare doubled down, no, increased tenfold. The tower reappeared before her, the grass that had been brown and dead from the very moment she first set foot on this field had been revived, restored to their ever-lively shade of green. The tower had risen back to its original height, and looking up, she could see the last piece of the puzzle be placed at the very top of the tower: A copper lightning rod, decorated in the peculiar shape of a hen, protecting the newly-finished tower from dangers from high above. \
She blinked, and the tower had fallen. A fire at the very top, screams and yelling finding their way to her sensitive ears from all directions. It was raining, thunderstorming, and the clap of lightning strikes in the open field was louder than anything she had ever heard before in her life. She closed her eyes once more in hopes it would suppress the noise, the loudness of the battle she had found herself in without consent, but they wouldn't vanish, they simply refused to vanish. The truth couldn't be hidden from her eyes, despite her desperate attempt to make it all stop; to make it all reach an end. \
She opened her eyes for a moment, but while the battle raged on, iridescent, pink swirls had risen from the ground, reaching into every direction. Akin to a horror movie, they sought out their targets, wrapping around them and constraining their breathing, killing every single warrior that stood on the field without a single sign of remorse or regret. She blinked again, and every time she did, the tower crippled further and further, until at the very last moment, she was back where she first saw the tower. 5 metres tall, crippled down to its very core, in an empty field. Devoid of life, devoid of sound, where not even the grass was green, nor where the wind could blow through her hair. 

She groaned in her sleep, and tossed herself to the other side, clinging tightly against her blanket while keeping her eyes shut tight. Half asleep, she refused to see this same nightmare unfold before her. She didn't know what caused these nightmares, nor could she figure out the meaning behind them. All that was in her might and reach, was the wish for them to cease.

### CALL OF THE VOID - II
*// The nightmares persist, to the frustration of Polaris. She is merely a subject to these nightmares, which persist through day and night. When awake, she is essentially forced to be blind. Looking at any item will trigger the nightmares, while looking at another person will force those upon them. Francis is stunned, while Nadia is understanding and attempts to help. But neither understand the true root of these powers, and ultimately, they might never.*

It had been three days since her life-changing surgery. *"This.."* The voice said gently, wrapping the bandage snugly around her head, covering her eyes. *"Should be enough.."* Seated attentively and without restraint, Polaris could only watch her vision disappear, covered up behind multiple layers of bandage and cloth. It would keep her from seeing these nightmares, or forcing them upon anyone else, whether purposefully or accidentally. **"Sorry, Nadia.."** She could only sigh, followed by a gentle tap against her shoulders from the person that had wrapped the bandage around her eyes just now. *"I'm not angry with you."* Nadia said, and Polaris could feel that a warm, genuine smile was on her face, even if she could no longer verify it. *"I didn't know. And I'm sure you didn't know either. As unfortunate as it is.."* She continued, resting her hands gently yet firmly on Polaris's shoulders. *"We'll just have to figure out what's next."* \
Letting go of her shoulders again, Nadia traced Polaris's left arm, quickly taking and holding it soon after, acting as her guide to walk around the campus now that Polaris was essentially rendered blind. Without fighting back against the idea, she could only stand up, wobbling on her feet now that she was visually impaired, struggling to get used to the idea and reality of moving without seeing, especially in an area she didn't know by heart. *"Slow steps, it's okay, I'm here.."* Nadia said, the warm smile on her face giving Polaris a genuine feeling of worry and care, which even given the circumstances, comforted her just enough to build up the confidence to walk forward, wherever she would be led towards.

*"Here we are."* Nadia said, and a familiar scent found their way into Polaris's nostrils. It was the scent and smell of her own bedroom, all the way at the very end of the Western Wing, where her office had been close to. It was seated just behind the Western library and its archive, which would be her usual workplace from now on. But that thought alone worried Polaris to her core. **"Nadia."** She began, her voice trembling slightly as she was seated down on her bedside, already beginning to sink into the bedsheets that decorated her mattress. **"How can I..? If I'm blind.."** \
*"We'll just have to figure that out."* Nadia replied, Polaris's worry mirrored in Nadia's voice, too. The two had been in contact ever since Francis and Emily had left Chicago and Earth to work permanently in the SOLARdawn Campus since its inception, and had become good acquaintances, to ultimately become good friends. Her care was genuine not just just because she was a medic, her care was genuine because her worries were genuine. *"What matters now, get some rest, and let your mind at ease. I'll discuss with Francis on what's next, I'm sure he can commission an eye mask that could suppress your eyes, but keep your eyesight just enough to keep yourself and others safe."* Nadia said while gently laying Polaris down on her back, resting the back of her head into her pillow while making sure she wouldn't be pulling at her own hair when laying down. The bandage wrapped around her head over her eyes was an eyesore to look at, but it was a necessary evil. For her own safety, and for those around her. *"I'll leave you be for now, but when you wake up from more nightmares, please, reach out. I'll be there stat."* \
**"Mhm.."** Polaris mumbled back, sighing deeply, and only facing upright towards the ceiling. **"Thank you, Nadia.. I'll try to rest.."** Nadia smiled, and glancing at Polaris for just a moment, she soon turned around towards the door, quietly and carefully opening it and closing it behind her, locking it in place so none could disturb her recovery.

The cloth couldn't suppress the nightmares. \
Tossing herself around to sleep on her side, the same nightmares persisted. It was night four since the surgery, and the dreams and nightmares only grew more surreal with every single cycle. Where once sprouted pink veins from the grass, now disembodied wings were visible all around her. In the far background of a grass field, deep within the void she would suddenly find herself in without warning, to even in the corners of her eyes. She tried to close her eyes and prevent herself from seeing even in her nightmares, but the wings pried her eyes open each and every time. She was to be the victim to her own illusions, her own nightmares, the endless cycle of horror that her own mind was inflicting on her, whether she liked it or not. She tried to scream, but no sound could be heard. \
***"Voyager."*** A voice called from all directions, emitting a tone so high and sharp that her hands flung to her ears to cover them, fearing that her eardrums would shatter from the sharp noise. ***"Voyager."*** It repeated, and closing her eyes, she fell to the floor, her knees drowning within the odd, black surface or lack thereof beneath her. The black emptiness was decorated by the white wings that belonged to an angel, or must have belonged to one in the past. In this void, they were all dismembered, floating around aimlessly and endlessly in intricate, hypnotic patterns. They were all eyeing her, looking down at her as her entire self sank into the void. ***"The Door."*** The voice rang, and it began to get more muffled the further she sank towards the bottom of nothingness. Her eyes shot wide open, and turning around, she looked upwards towards what she thought would be the sky. One single spot of light was pulsing wildly above her, yet reaching out for her hand, the white wings took a hold of it and pushed it back down to her body. \
Her mind began to blur, the voice became more muffled the deeper she sank. A pink, luminescent glow filled the endless sky above her as wings in the corners of her eyes pulled her further down. ***"Voyager."*** The voice rang, fading further and further into the distance. ***"Uphold it."*** 

*//* 

*"I'll forward it to Francis."* Nadia smiled, tapping the pen against her notebook upon finishing writing down Polaris's attempt at describing the vivid, surrealistic nightmare. *"Having mentioned him, a team in the Northern Wing is currently working on a makeshift function that should hopefully suppress your eyes just a little bit. I know it won't be much, but.."* She sighed, looking up from her notebook to see Polaris's exhausted expression. Even if her eyes were covered up by a new cloth, the body language was enough to betray the way she was feeling. *"I know.. We'll try to figure it out as quick as we can, alright? I worry just as much as you.."*

### CALL OF THE VOID - III
*// "Voyage", "Voyage", "Lock, Door, Key", "Retrograde". The voice in her head continues to ring, but patterns begin to emerge. Connecting the dots, Polaris begins to understand what the voice is telling her, and begins to be able to converse with it. "The Voyage must be upheld", "The Voyage is inevitable", it begins to explain, but struggles to paint the picture in Polaris's mind. The nightmares begin to weaken and eventually drift away. Life begins to return to normal, and she begins to get a proper understanding of her eyes.*

It had been eleven days since her life-changing surgery. Life was beginning to return to normal for her, as far as the new "normal" allowed her. Disappointingly, the commissioned mask that Francis had ordered to make for Polaris did not help her retrieve her normal eyesight, and it essentially meant that she would remain vision impaired, and need continuous guidance. Her work as an archiver was held up by a mere few loose strings. Despite "Project POLARIS" having the intention to make her the "Pole star", or "central overseer" of the experimental projects in the Western Wing and its surroundings, that now seemed like a goal long lost. How could someone possibly archive without being able to see what was being submitted? Enough systems to aid her existed, but it would hinder her more than it would benefit her. It seemed like a lost cause, a life wasted, for a project that seemed too ambitious after all.

*"I'll remove the cloth now, eyes closed?"* Nadia asked, having kneeled down before Polaris, who was seated attentively in a chair in the medical centre in the central spire of the campus. **"Mhm."** She simply replied, but the tone in her voice implied that she had gotten used to her new routines and her new life by now. After all, she didn't really have another choice but to get used to them. Opening her eyes would pose risks, not just to herself, but to her surroundings as well. The continuous appliances of cloth over her eyes wasn't a suggestion made by Nadia, or anyone else in the medical team. Polaris herself personally requested to have her eyes covered. \
*"It's got a little weight to it.."* Nadia continued, having put the bandage and cloth to a little side table to her left, and having taken a new pair of black glasses, a makeshift eye mask, she carefully put it on Polaris's face. The temples rested on her eyes, but the glasses themselves mostly pressed against her nose, serving as the only point of balance. *"Is this uncomfortable?"* She asked with a warm smile on her face, her fingers letting go of the mask, and stared attentively at Polaris's reaction. Carefully and slowly, she opened her eyes, but only faced blackness. She flinched for a moment, but returned to a calmer state of mind soon after. **"It's.. a little weighty."** She nodded, feeling the heaviness of the mask press against her nose every time she looked down. **"But the vision was short.. was this, locally produced? Or is it.."** \
*"Mhm! It's entirely artificial material, which means its lifespan was incredibly short before it was pressed into the mask. You've said before that some masks give you an infinitely long reminder of the history of the material, so our approach was to make a material that lived under a few hours before application to reduce that strain on you. I think we may have found a way for you to keep your eyes open, Polaris."* Nadia smiled warmly, her cheeks glowing as her expression grew more genuine with the second. \
**"This is.. so weird.."** Polaris mumbled, her fingers holding her mask in place while she looked around the medical centre. Ultimately, she couldn't see a thing except for blackness, but the feeling of having her eyes open for longer than ten seconds was something she had almost forgotten these past days. **"I.. see.. but.. don't..? I can't explain it otherwise.."** \
Nadia stood up and rolled the side table away, to then rest her hand on Polaris's shoulder, guiding her upwards. *"I'm at least happy we've found a solution. With this step done, we can continue onto the next in this project, Polaris."* Nadia smiled, taking Polaris's hand and slowly beginning to walk back towards her own dormitory in the Western Wing. With this mask now on her face, her eyes were kept safe from the continuous reminders and visions and nightmares that she endured.

But the main issue remained the nights. \
***"Voyage."*** The ever-similar voice repeated for the twelfth night in a row. ***"Retrograde."*** It said yet again. She found herself back in the similar void that she had been in every single night. It would only be a matter of moments before dismembered wings, blood-curling noises or eerie scratching, or the sharp noise of metal bending against its will would echo through the emptiness once more, reverberating off the thick liquid boundaries that she would soon sink into. She looked around her, and tried to find out anything that might look out of the ordinary. After all, if this was simply a dream, perhaps she would be able to find a way to turn it into one that was lucid. Taking a deep breath, she pulled her feet out from the blackened, molten floor, and began to step forward. A strange glow began to appear in the far distance, but if it was a dream, she wouldn't have an issue with walking towards it. ***"The Lock."*** The voice said, but unlike the previous words, this was one it had never said before, which made Polaris stand still in her tracks for another moment. To her surprise, she no longer sank away into the floor. It seemed that walking was actually beginning to explain the mystery further. ***"The Door."*** It said, and opening mouth, Polaris felt her vocal chords tremble. She tried to speak and reach out, to get the voice to speak to her directly, but despite feeling so close, no sound would exit her lips, except for a defeated sigh. Her eyes averted back towards the molten floor. It didn't have a reflection, despite it being a strange liquid. Was there even light in this void except for the one she was walking towards? ***"The Key."*** The voice said, and standing still in her tracks, Polaris's vocal cords finally managed to produce sound. **"Key."** She replied, her throat constricted, her voice suppressed as soon as the word left her lips. \
The void shifted. The strange light was now approaching her rapidly, and squinting her eyes, the blackness of the void she was walking in was almost immediately exchanged with a white, bright void. ***"Voyager."*** The voice spoke. The stress on Polaris's body was greatly reduced now that she was standing in the whiteness of it all rather than the blackness, and moving her hands to her throat, she no longer felt like it was held tightly, nor that it was being constructed. **"Voyager.."** She replied, her eyes looking into every direction, trying to make sense of the sudden change of scenery. "Voyager." This wasn't the first time it had been said to her, but only now did the void around her allow her to properly put it to her mind. A voyage? **"To where..?"** \
***"Beyond the Compass."*** The voice replied. Longer sentences were beginning to be formulated by it, but only did it leave her more confused. Voyager, Compass, Retrograde, the Lock, Door, and Key. All of these terms must be related to one another, but to Polaris, no correlation could be found. **"The Key?"** She asked, checking the boxes in her mind one by one, trying to demand or receive an answer to her ever-growing list of questions in her head. Even if it was night twelve of these mysterious dreams, it was no longer a nightmare that she was going through. In fact, this was the first time that she was directly talking to this strange voice, no matter where it was coming from. Even if it was all fabricated in her head, at least she wanted to see where it would bring her. ***"Hasty."*** The voice simply said. ***"The Voyage is inevitable."*** \
Polaris sighed. Taking a look around her, the whiteness of the infinity around her was beginning to distort. If it meant anything to her, it's that it would soon shatter, and in one way or another, it would force her out of this dream through means yet unknown. She wouldn't be buried by the molten floor here, she wouldn't be drowned in the feathers of a million wings, because the void she was in didn't match her previous experiences. Her stomach turned. How *would* she die? \
***"The Voyage."*** The voice said, and in shock and surprise, Polaris heard the voice from a single direction rather than all around her. She immediately turned around to her left, facing the source of the voice, but finding none. ***"Uphold it."*** 

The dream shattered, the impossible whiteness of the void fell apart, and the sound of clattering and scratching glass echoed into infinity. Her hands flung to her ears to cover them, her body soon collapsing to the floor to protect herself from the imminent and infinite amount of glass that would soon collapse on her and bury her alive. She closed her eyes, awaiting the inevitable, but instead of feeling the force of a thousand glass shards pierce through her back, she felt nothing at all. In surprise, she quickly reopened her eyes and found herself in an iridescent box. The glass hadn't shattered, nor had it collapsed on top of her. The scratching and clattering noise was the glass reshaping itself into an almost impossible shape. Glass spirals, glass shards and spikes were spread all the way into the far distance, reflecting the dim light and emitting an iridescent, rainbow colour along its path. It looked almost impossibly real. Dumbfounded, she stood back up on her feet, and looking at her feet to make sure she was still physically intact, she was met with two pairs of wings wrapped around her body. A small hint of red could be seen seeping between its delicate feathers. They were bleeding. In worry, she pressed gently against the wing on her lower left, her hand sinking into its feathers, soon coated by the almost endless stream of blood that was seeping out of the feathers. The touch of the wing felt authentic and real, and almost *eerily* realistic. Her eyes opened wide. It suddenly made sense to her, and looking back down at her feet, they were soaked in that same deep crimson red. Her eyes drifted back and forth between her wings and her feet, and soon, her chest and arms followed. Glass shards were pierced cleanly through through her skin. Deep, crimson liquid coated the sharp edged of the shards, seeping down to the floor to join the increasing amount of blood that was forming in a puddle beneath her feet. Her senses were numbed not because she was unharmed from the glass. She had no senses left. She was fractured, through and through, and while her wings attempted to protect her, it was not enough. Blood crept from her lips, and her eyes dwindled, followed by her balance and her senses altogether. Pierced through the heart by millions of shards of glass, this was how she would die.

*//*

She sat with her legs over the edge of her bed, her heels pressed tight against the bedframe. A simple notebook was in her lap, and for a moment, no sound but the gentle scratching of a pencil on paper echoed through the small room. A soft sigh exited her lips as she reached the bottom of the paper, and putting the pencil to her side, she soon tossed the notebook next to it, too. Next to a rundown of the nightmare she had experienced, the words *"Retrograde", "Lock, Door, Key"*, and *"Compass"* were especially highlighted. Pinching the bridge of her nose, she sighed more deeply this time, and promptly leaned backwards into the bedsheets behind her, closing her eyes once more. Over the past few days, no nightmares had been triggered throughout the day since she received the mask from Francis's division a few days ago, and when alone, she'd keep the mask away to learn to find a proper balance between her natural eyesight, and the strange, surreal shapes and nightmares forming when looking at an object for too long. Even if successful, a mirror was out of the question for now. She was still feeling physically unwell. Even if the nightmare she had just written down was nothing more than just that, the eerie sensation of a totally numbed-down body continued to send shivers through her spine each and every time it crossed her mind. The glass found its way through her legs again in her head, but shaking the hair out of her face, it was quick to vanish again. Leaning up once more, she looked to her right, facing the highlighted words on the paper again as she put her mind to it, sighing softly. **"A voyage, huh.."** She mumbled to herself, the puzzle forming in her mind, but the solution never appearing. **"..where to..?"**

### CALL OF THE VOID - IV
*// "Retrograde", it now makes sense to her. Having faced a mirror, she opened her eyes, and successfully suppressed her newfound power from imposing illusions and nightmares upon herself. It has been at least two weeks, up to a month, since she first experienced these nightmares following her surgery. But now, she has conquered them, and has brought them to an end. Her right eye is a still, almost milky white, and it pulses vibrantly when she accesses its power. Looking in the mirror, she is able to see her own history. The revolution in Oslo, the outbreak of war in Chicago, and the fall of Palmer-Eden soon after the opening of SOLARdawn in Amadnésam. Finally, she remembered her past, but now, her powerful eyes are forced to set to the future.*

It had been fifteen days since her life-changing surgery. With eyes closed, Polaris sat opposite of Nadia, in the comfort of her own room, one that was set on becoming her office in the near future. The air was warm, reflecting the orange decoration that was present through the entire office room, and while there were no windows in a room at the very centre of the hallway in the Western Wing, there were still enough light sources that illuminated the tidy office. A deep sigh exited Polaris's lips, her hands curled up into fists, holding tightly onto her dress. **"Are you.. 100% sure?"** She asked quietly, her face pointed downwards to the floor. Despite the warm appearance of her office room, a feeling of coldness and uncertainty was creeping in through the gaps, sending shivers through her spine. *"I'm absolutely sure, Polaris."* Nadia answered back firmly, a wide smile brightening up her face as she leaned forward to rest her own hands atop of Polaris's. *"I know what happens when it goes awry, but that's fine, we've dealt with it before. But now that you're learning to see without seeing or inflicting nightmares, this is a milestone for you to take. It's new to you, it's new to me, let's handle it as research, alright?"* \
Polaris sighed quietly, and with her head still facing down to the floor, she struggled to build up the confidence she needed. Despite the warmth of Nadia's hands on her own, a blockade in her head was preventing her from making any actions. Out of fear for Nadia, out of fear for herself. Feeling one hand leave her fist, it soon moved gently to her chin, pushing it upwards and making her head face forward. Despite the fear for Nadia, there was not an ounce of fear within Nadia herself, as she whispered quietly. *"Polaris, open your eyes."* \
Inhaling deeply through her nose, Polaris's breaths cycled, her body easing itself up as she let go of the tight grip on her dress. Nadia's hand was still pushing her chin upwards, making her look straight ahead, into the direction that Nadia was seated. Exhaling once more through her nose, her eyes slowly opened, revealing the heterochromic pink and white irises that had been hidden behind her eyelids, accentuated by her long brows. Her heart was pounding furiously in her chest, and as her eyes adjusted to the warm lighting in the room, it wasn't long before the two made eye contact. While those of Polaris's were dull, Nadia's own were shimmering as they finally got to see the pair of eyes of Polaris herself. Her smile grew wider by the second, in awe, in admiration, and in sheer happiness that in just over two weeks, such incredible progress had been made in her rehabilitation process, her recovery, but most importantly, her journey to return to "normal." **"A-are you..?"** Polaris stumbled over her words, surprised yet worried that she wasn't seeing any reaction from Nadia, her medical supervisor, who continued to stare deeply into Polaris's eyes. *"I'm seeing nothing but your beautiful eyes, Polaris."* She smiled back warmly, her cheeks blushing slightly and her smile widening the longer she looked into the pair of unique, colourful eyes that belonged to Polaris before her. *"Do you feel any strain?"* \
Polaris nodded slowly, averting her eyes to look to the door right behind Nadia, seeing the slight amount of light from the illuminated hallway seep into the office room through the cracks at the bottom and the top. **"A little.."** She smiled quietly, and before her mind could even think of it, Nadia had already moved her hand from her chin to before her eyes, covering them up and gesturing to Polaris to close them. *"Then we're already done for today, you've done incredible, you're making so much progress."* Exhaling deeply, Polaris closed her eyes now hidden behind Nadia's hand, and gently grabbing it, she smiled as she helped Nadia lower it once more. **"Slow steps.. isn't it?"** She smiled, her closed eyes looking into no particular direction now that her eyesight had disappeared once more, but before she could stand up, Nadia had already taken her hand, and guided her upwards towards the door to her dormitory next to the office. *"Slow steps, but giant leaps. And just now, you've made an enormous leap forward."* 

With her right eye open, she read through the folded letter that was held in her hands. Her legs were hanging off the edge of her bed once more, and it wasn't long before she realised that the letter she was holding was merely a report of Nadia's check-up from earlier on that day. *"Subject may be gaining control, or may be losing power, over their enhanced eyesight."* Stood at the very bottom of the letter, but right above Nadia's signature. Polaris gulped, and she felt a knot grow in her stomach. "Losing power" felt like an oddly specific, and oddly concerning choice of words. She had looked at Nadia without problem, and she didn't feel that same, odd feeling that she used to have whenever the nightmares would trigger when she looked at something. But the voice in her dreams was telling her otherwise. She was getting further. The Door, the Lock, the Voyage, just what did it all mean?

The fifteenth night was the first to break the common cycle. \
***"Voyager."*** The voice spoke, but this time around, it came from a single direction right at the very start of the dream. To her surprise, neither was she in the same black void that she would always find herself in at the start of a nightmare. Right away, she faced a door, which could only mean one thing to her as her eyes fixated onto them. **"The.. Door..?"** She asked quietly, her hands resting idly at her waist while the white void surrounding her began to swirl in almost randomised patterns. At her feet, the whiteness began to crystallise, forming a a tiled pathway that led to the same door she had been staring at for what already felt like an eternity. If anything, this dream was waiting for her to walk forward towards it, and without much more thought, she began to step forward, towards this strange, alluring "Door". ***"The Door."*** The voice echoes, but her goal could no longer be changed. Whatever was at this door, whatever stood or awaited her behind this door, she was set to find it out. To turn the handle and push it forward. After all these days, this dream could very well be the last one that would answer the question that had cycled through her head ever since she woke up after that life-changing surgery. Just what *is* this all? \
She reached the door, but there was no knob or handle to be found at the sides of the door. In the middle of the white void, at the end of the crystallised pathway, stood nothing but a door without a handle to open it. ***"The Lock."*** The voice spoke, and in the bottom edges of the door, the wood began to chip away, as if the crystallised pathway was assimilating its frame. It crept upwards, and in surprise, Polaris moved her hand away from the door once more to simply look and assess just what was happening. It wasn't just glass that was spreading and melting upwards on the door, it was beginning to create a reflection. She could see her feet at the bottom, and soon, her legs would appear in the reflection, her waist, before ultimately facing herself in the mirror as the last corners of the door were replaced by the reflective glass. But instead, it was just her silhouette. ***"The Lock."*** The voice repeated, and the white void surrounding the glass mirror now shrank to create a small, white bubble, shrinking smaller and smaller, until it was nothing but the void, the mirror, and the silhouette of her reflection within it. Cracks formed in the corners of the mirror, and reaching her hand out, she tried to touch the blackened-out reflection of herself in the mirror, hesitant at first. ***"Voyager."*** The voice rang, the void shrinking more the further her hand reached. The cracks found their way to the centre of the mirror, almost stopping perfectly at the point that Polaris tried to reach out through. The voice echoed in her mind, reaching closer and closer to her thoughts before the tips of her finger touched the glass mirror, creating a new crack, followed by the white void surrounding her cracking just like it did the night before. ***"Seek within."*** 

*//*

**"Seek within.."** She whispered back to herself. It could mean a multitude of things. Seek within the void she finds herself in at night? Seek within the halls within the Western Wing, or seek within anywhere else? It struggled to connect in her mind, but with a heavy sigh, the puzzle suddenly seemed to fall in place as she sat on the edge of her bed once more. The vision of a mirror with a silhouette reflected within it reappeared in her mind, but unlike the mirror that sat in the white void from the dream, the mirror she imagined in her mind was the one that stood right next to her bed. **"Maybe.."** She whispered to herself once more, as her eyes opened ever so slightly, only catching a glimpse of her bedroom. The mirror stood to her left, and she glanced at it with a puzzled but certain look. **"Did it mean this..?"** \
Taking a deep breath, she stepped out of her bed and stood before the full-length mirror, and exhaling deeply through her nose, she built up the confidence to reopen her eyes and face herself in the mirror. She had never done this before, in fear that it would impose nightmares on herself, or cause something that would create something even worse, and maybe even cause more harm than it would do good to herself. But with the voice of the void ringing and echoing in her head, she exhaled deeply through her mouth, and slowly but surely, her right eye opened. \
She'd never seen herself in the mirror since the life-changing surgery sixteen days ago, and all this time, she had forgotten her appearance. But she wasn't granted enough time to have it sink in, as her head began to sting. The more she eyed herself in the mirror, the more she felt her eye hurt, the more her head stung. ***"Seek within."*** The voice in her head echoed in every direction, and losing control over her senses, she could only watch her milky-white iris pulse and flash as she looked at her own reflection, squinting her eye before being leapt forward into the mirror, falling forwards into an endless tunnel.

The temperature had dropped significantly, and reopening her eyes, a small patch of snow could be seen on the ground beneath her feet. Unfazed by the sudden change of atmosphere, she shrugged it off and instead felt a shiver run through her body as the cold air crept up to her senses. **"This.."** She mumbled to herself, looking up from the stone cold street to look upwards to the sky, finding herself in the heart of a metropolis, one that she had never seen before. But even so, an odd feeling of déjà vu overcame her, and looking at the façades of all the towers before her, a few familiar names began to appear. *"Norges Bank"*, *"Unilever"*, but especially *"NORCE"* gave her a sense of familiarity that couldn't be explained right away. To her surprise, the streets were devoid of people, as if it had been abandoned for many days already. **"Norway.."** She sighed to herself, wrapping her arms around her chest, the cold beginning to cool down her body and her senses as she struggled to find an explanation as to why she suddenly found herself in not just a different nation, but on a different *planet*. She turned around once more to face the tower she stood in front of. *"NORCE"* was written at the very front of the doorway, and while the name continued to be a mystery to her, flakes of memories began to float in to her mind the longer she stared. The phrase "Blue skies are ahead" rings through her ears, the endless piles of work at a desk appear before her eyes, and looking at one of the papers in more detail, the term "neuroscience" was one that was repeatedly mentioned. The paper formed in her hand, and reading through it more thoroughly, it looked similar to what she had read in the archives in the Western Wing before. Not just that, it seemed like it was the same technology that was dominant in Máneá and Zakh'háfo. Neurotech and neuroscience had worked hand in hand for decades in those nations, and it looked like the paper she was holding was a testament to that technology within the frozen city of Oslo, Norway. She exhaled quietly through her mouth, and a plume of steam forming in the air indicated that the temperature was dropping rapidly. **"Published by.."** She whispered to herself, having reached the bottom of the paper. **"Emily.. Østen..-"** \
The paper evaporated in her hands, and looking back up to the tower, she saw that it had shrank at least three floors. Loud bangs could be heard in the far distance, slowly closing in on her location as the tower before her continued to stay ablaze. Another floor vanished, one by one, the tower shrank, and the once-illuminated letters of "NORCE" turned off. *"Unnskyld meg, frue!"* A distant voice yelled in the distance, and averting her eyes towards the direction the voice came from, a silhouette revealed themselves, slowly approaching her from afar. *"Trenger du hjelp?"* They asked, and while she had never spoken a word of Norwegian in her life, she shook her head, having understood what was said perfectly. **"Nei."** She smiled, turning her gaze back to the NORCE tower that stood before her, only to see that all 77 floors had burned away. Not even the main entrance was saved, and it had been burned to the ground all the way from the top of the tower. **"Jeg må gå."** She smiled, and beneath her feet, the snowy tiles were exchanged for laminated flooring, the freezing temperature exchanged for ventilated and insulated air. She no longer stood outside, but neither stood she in Norway. *"Ms. Østengaard."* A voice she recognised called for her behind her back, and turning around, she faced Francis, at least, a younger version of himself. Her eyes opened wide in surprise. He was holding a Core, one that was all too familiar to her, but one she also struggled to remember properly. **"EX_C.."** She whispered to herself, remembering the name of the core, disregarding the fact she stood in the open hallways without a proper reason, disregarding the fact that Francis stood here, too. *"You're right."* He smiled back, handing over the silver-coloured Core into her hands. *"This is the first of many. It's small, but oh so clever."* His expression was one with genuine pride and accomplishment, one that she hadn't seen in his eyes ever since she had awakened from her surgery. In fact, the two had rarely spoken with one another ever since the surgery at all, contact would always happen through Nadia. Had something happened in the past that led to a disrupted relationship? It didn't make sense to her, but before she could put her mind to it, the laminated floor melted away into one of made of concrete, coated in a generous layer of burnt, dry sand. The two stood side by side, watching over the orange, desolate skies of Chicago. Towers in the far distance had collapsed, and not one soul would still be roaming the fallen outskirts of Chicago. The murky, brimstone smells of distant fires and bombings were impossible to ignore, and looking past the horizon, only the central tower was left standing under construction: The **Palmer-Eden Tower**. It was a constant reminder of the state that their projects had been in: Constant danger. A threat of war, a threat of disruption, a threat of death, not once intentional. *"It's just us two, isn't it?"* Francis smiles, his eyes meeting those of her. She nodded back, Francis's smile reflected on her own face. **"Just us two, and this little guy."** She said, looking at Core EX_C in her hands. **"It definitely won't last by itself.."**

Her vision distorted, and losing control over her senses, she once more felt like she was leaping through a cosmic tunnel. Her eyes were wide open, but in a flash, she found herself back in the same bedroom that she stood in just a moment ago, facing her own reflection in the mirror that she stood before. At last, she was given a chance to properly look at herself in the mirror, her white and slightly purple hair decorating her vibrant heterochromic eyes, one a milky white, one a bright pink, which were decorated and intensified by the pairs of wings that sprouted from the back of her head. Her mouth was wide open, her hands held idle at her waist. **"This.."** She whispered to herself, taken aback by what had just happened, what she had just seen in the blink of an eye. **"Retrograde.. The Key.."** The wings at the back of her head spread wide as the words left her mouth, but unlike before, she wasn't lunged forward into the history of what she was looking at. It suddenly became clear, it suddenly made sense to her. The nightmares she's had every time she looked at an object before, she saw strange, rapid visions of strange people. The carpet at the main entrance revealed every person that ever walked over it, the curtains in the library showed her every cycle of the star and moon that it had witnessed. It weren't strange, randomised visions, they were authentic memories, genuine histories hidden in plain sight. She closed her eyes once more, took a long, deep breath, and reopened only her right eye, feeling the wings on the back of her head rest idle as she simply looked without triggering any visions. **"I get it."** She smiled, her gaze fixated on her own in the reflection in the mirror. She'd seen the history of herself, the journey she'd been through to reach this exact point in time where she stood right now. **"Emily.."** She whispered to herself, her wings opening wide as her smile widened. **"I've captured it."**

### CALL OF THE VOID - V
*// "Illusory", it's become clear to her. The six wings sprouting from the back of her head are simply put a "signal booster" for her left eye. Facing a mirror, she opens only her left eye, which glows with an iridescent pink colour. In just a matter of seconds, the wings begin to appear in the corners of the mirror before her, hugging its frame, shattering it moments after, before it falls to the floor. The vision shatters soon after, and she finds herself staring at her own reflection with eyes closed. A faint smile appears on her face. She conquered her nightmares, and can now impose them whenever she deems necessary. "The beast has been tamed."*

It had been eighteen days since her life-changing surgery. With eyes closed, she once more sat opposite her mirror, seated in her office chair, meditating. In and out, her breaths would go, the fresh oxygen streaming through her blood, before it would once more exit through her lips in a deep exhalation. Twelve, thirteen, fourteen, the breaths cycled in and out of her system, gradually building up the confidence to face herself in the mirror once more. But even though she had already learned how to use one half of her abilities, it was her other half that she was still fearful and uncertain about. Her right eye, one that was a milky white, allowed her to see the history of every person, element, material, construction, anything that had a history to tell would be told to her in whatever way possible. It allowed her to see Choreos and Lumen trade day and night from the perspective of a curtain, it allowed her to see the history of every person that walked by the front desk from the perspective of the wooden panels upfront. *"Retrograde"*, the voice had called it, and Polaris herself used that term to describe her right eye too. But it was her left eye that was building up her nerves. She had never opened her left eye purposefully since the very few days after her surgery, because it would always trigger her nightmares. Wherever she looked, strange, surrealistic shards would form in the corners of the room she would be in, in the corners of her eyes, gradually encapsulating her and burying her beneath them, triggering nightmares beyond her comprehension in the process. Despite having captured and having gained control over her right eye, she wasn't certain if she could do so again to gain control over her left eye. But it was now or never.

One more deep sigh. She'd lost count at how many she'd done to calm herself down to this point, but it was irrelevant by now. In through her nose, the oxygen went through her lungs, and exhaling deeply through her mouth, her left eye opened slowly. Facing herself in the mirror, she could already see the ever familiar glow shining on her eyelashes, hidden behind her eyelid. The bright, iridescent and luminescent pink iris that. Slowly but surely, she lifted up her head to face herself straight ahead, opening her eye further and further. It began to sting, and her eye began to pulse as it tried to resume control by itself. Her head stung, worsening with every second as she flinched in pain. But even with how much it hurt, she wouldn't let it capture her, she wouldn't let it overwhelm her. Her breaths increased in tempo, but remained deep and steady, and in control. Whatever nightmare her eye would present to her, she would face it head-on, she would not look away, no matter the horrors it would generate. \
Exhaling deeply through her mouth, she began to see the strange illusions that her eye was presenting her. Slowly but surely, her focus dwindled to the corners of the mirror's frame, seeing that the pink wings she used to always see were making their return. They began to crawl towards the centre of the mirror, hugging its frame tightly and multiplying in size the further they went. Their patterns were intricate, their movements swift yet elegant, but ultimately, it meant the mirror was experiencing greater amounts of force the further the wings moved towards its centre. Her eye remained open, the frame began to creak quietly, where once was wood, only luminescent feathers remained. Deep within her core, she could feel the pressure increase, reverberating through her stomach, but she refused to close her eye or look away. She had to see what the nightmare would unfold into. Would something spawn from the centre of the mirror? Would her reflection deform and create something that not even the darkest depths of Hell could imagine? The possibilities were endless, but the creaking worsened the longer she thought, the longer she stared, the longer her mind was exposed to the ever increasing pressure on the mirror's frame, and the mirror itself. 

A crack could be heard, and it promptly appeared through the middle of the mirror. In just a few milliseconds, more cracks appeared and echoed through the room, before ultimately, the entire mirror shattered into countless of shards. Under the pressure of the wings, the wooden frame shattered and splintered, tipping it off its balance and falling forwards to the floor before her. The shards brushed her chest, her entire body, but to her surprise, she felt nothing of it. Instead, more cracks began to appear in the corner of her eyes, splintering and shattering similarly to the way the mirror did. One by one, the glass shards fell to the floor, her eyesight vanishing into a mere black void one by one, until she once more saw nothing but the inside of her eyelids. \
With eyes closed, she looked at the mirror before her, staring at herself. The wings at the back of her head were open wide. ***"The Lock"***, the voice in her head echoed the longer she stared. Inhaling deeply, she moved her hand upwards to her cheek, watching the reflection in the mirror mimic the motion flawlessly. Her eyes remained closed. **"An illusion..?"** She whispered to herself, touching her cheek and feeling the gentle warmth of her fingertips brush against it, watching the mirrored version of herself do the exact same motion. ***"Illusory"***, the voice replied, and a warm yet faint smile appeared on her face in the reflection. She looked at herself for another few moments, watching her chest rise and fall as the breaths she took were deep, keeping her calm while maintaining absolute focus over the situation. By now, she had already figured out that the shattering of the mirror was the illusion, and the state she found herself in right now was not. Right now, she was out of a dream, and she was in the real world, staring at her own reflection with eyes closed. It should be impossible, yet the impossible was actively being proven wrong. The wings on her head remained wide open, and attempting to assume control over them, they shrank once more behind her head, her eyesight dissipating in the process. "Illusory", it now made sense to her. The smile on her face widened, but with her wings idle, she could only feel herself smile, and not see. **"Emily."** She smiled, standing idle before the mirror. **"It's under my control."** Her smile widened. **"The Beast has been tamed."**

### DREAMSEEKER - I
*// "The Voyage must be upheld" rings through ears, her wings open wide, facing the direction the voice had come from. It didn't belong to the mysterious voice from weeks ago, but while it sounded similar, it now belonged to a face and a body. "Our angel has awoken" they spoke. Finding herself in an endless void, she could only imagine that it was herself that was being addressed. A silhouette revealed themselves in the far edge of the void, but no face made itself clear. It was nothing but a void within a void that spoke to her. "Polaris." They spoke. "Yes." She replied. "You are not alone. Seek into the cosmos, and the Dreamseeker will reveal themselves to you." Polaris nodded. "You have the Key. Find the Lock. Open the Door." They spoke, and immediately after, the silhouette evaporated. Polaris nodded. Her goal was set. She wasn't alone.*

It had been two months since her life-changing surgery, and to her surprise, life was beginning to return to its normal flow. After all these years of continuous stress and endangerment, she sat down in her office chair at the end of the day, and let out a deep, deflated sigh. **"All done.."** She sighed, her eyes closed while the gentle and calming buzzing of **2C** soothed her ears as a means of background noise. It wasn't up until this point that she had ever been granted a moment of true rest. After all, it had been a hectic few decades for her. Crossing her arms over her stomach, she took a deep breath and settled herself in for a moment of peace. As if 2C could read her mind, the gentle and quiet *click* of her office door could be heard from across the room, isolating herself from the halls in the Western Wing, isolating herself from the outside world, just for a few minutes, just for a little bit. 

It'd been years since she could give her mind the room to unwind and rest. \
All these years ago, when she still worked in Oslo, she was already working 24/7. The requirements and list of tasks grew exponentially during her time at **NORCE**, doubling every day that she worked there. Despite neuroscience and neurotech already having reached their peak on Lúniks by the time the calendar turned to **2059**, there had yet to be an institute on Earth that would specialise themselves on this matter. With her own skills and vanity projects overlapping the science behind neurological research as well, it wasn't until her internship at **NORCE** that it was recognised, and promptly, she was granted a place to work there and continue her research under supervision of scientists and researchers that were already experienced on the matter. \
Despite her influence and contributions to the well-received *Norge-Neural* department, it wasn't meant to be. Her own vanity project, which she named after Earth's North star, was almost immediately shelved by the time the first riots began to emerge in the heart of Oslo. Her safety was at risk, and her home nation, her home city, was now deemed unsafe to stay in. It took just a few hours before **NORCE** had informed her that her projects would be returned to her, and it took a mere two days before she was informed that her position at not just *Norge-Neural* was void, but also that her position within **NORCE** would receive an end, effective immediately. All her work, all her research, everything that she had given her life for in the past years, were now in limbo. \
But she refused to stop here, she refused to let her journey end this soon before the finish line. Across the ocean, **Palmer-Eden** experienced a resurgence after the civil war from **2035**, and its doors were open wide for her to resume her projects, with an emphasis on her vanity project. They claimed it fit right in with their other internal projects, and as the time flew by, she partnered up with **Francis Ezarea** to pursue their respective dream projects: Project **CORE**, Francis's vanity project, and her very own, Project **POLARIS**. \
While Project CORE was one to advance and materialise quickly, it was POLARIS that began to struggle getting traction. The available science in Chicago was relatively small, and with the ongoing shift towards the construction of the *Palmer-Eden Tower* and *Spire*, it was put back onto the shelves until further notice. **EX_C** was the first of many Cores to enter service in **2061**, and her focus had completely shifted to creating their first mass-produces Core that would service throughout Chicago: **2C**. \
But right as they were on the cusp of greatness, they found themselves in a similar situation once more. **Illinois** entered a state of war, and with retaliation from all neighbouring nations, the once more flourishing city of Chicago found its green grass exchanged for orange dust once more, its skyscrapers and towers levelled, until all that was left standing were the Palmer-Eden Tower, and a few research institutes at the very edge of the city. As much as they would have loved to see their projects flourish in their new home, their new home was now being reduced to an irradiated dustbowl under a continuous threat of destruction. Their new home was no longer there, and neither was her old home, either. The amount of options were declining rapidly, but the risk of death increased in the process. Only one option remained, fleeing Earth. \
To their luck, **SOLARdawn** had their arms and doors open wide. As a subsidiary from Palmer-Eden, a lot of recognisable faces were walking through the halls and wings of the campus in Amadnésam, and after having settled, work was set to resume almost immediately. Project CORE was quick to be completed, but with it requiring constant maintenance and supervision during its initial starting phase, the itch inside her mind began to grow. As much as she loved working on CORE, it was at the cost of her own passion, her own vanity project, collecting more and more dust on the shelves as time passed. But despite the continuous disturbances, the constant necessities elsewhere, she was finally granted the opportunity to resume her work on Project POLARIS within the Western Wing in **2066**. With the help of **Francis** himself, as well as the supervision of **Nadia Roza**, a medical expert that helped her with the medication necessary and the imminent rehabilitation process. \
But even though the surgery and completion of Project POLARIS was carried out without any issues, it were the unforeseen nightmares that triggered as a result afterwards. In the very end, she determined that the Ultima organ that was implanted was rejected by her body, and as a side effect, it instead triggered the deeply-rooted mysterious power that gave her her eyesight and cosmic powers that she had finally managed to take control over. Despite the project having experienced difficulty throughout all these years, it wasn't until this very moment all these years later that she finally felt the ability and time to ease and rest her mind. Taking another deep breath, she kept her eyes closed, and slowly but surely began to doze off for just a moment.

Her mind had other thoughts. \
It didn't take long before she'd found herself back in the same white void that was ever familiar to her. She'd already been here countless times, but as of recently, they were rather lacklustre and carried over into actual dreams. But despite the long wait, it seemed as such that this dream would break that cycle once again. Sighing deeply, she looked around the white void, her eyes remaining closed but her wings weren't unfolded wide either. Idly and disinterested, she looked around to kill the time, getting more annoyed at the silence as the seconds ticked by in her mind. \
***"The Voyage must be upheld."*** The strange voice rang through her ears, and with her wings opening wide in an instant, she looked into the direction that the voice had come from. To her surprise, the voice wasn't similar to the voice she'd been hearing all these months, and in the far distance, she could recognise a shadow, forming a silhouette that was ever slowly approaching her from the far edges of the void. Her eyes remained closed, her lips did, too. All she did was simply stare with wings wide open at the shadowed figure walking towards her. ***"Our angel has awoken."*** The voice said, increasing in volume now that the distance between the two was closing in. ***"Polaris."*** \
**"Yes."** She simply replied, staring at the figure that now stood five steps away from her. Her figure wasn't revealing anything, and it made her stand out as a fabrication rather than an actual person that was standing in front of her. The voice belonged to a woman, but as she struggled matching the silhouette with a person familiar to her, neither could she match the voice. ***"You are not alone."*** The voice spoke, to the confusion of Polaris, who kept the neutral expression on her face, waiting, hoping for the voice to continue to clarify what message was being told to her. ***"Seek into the cosmos, and the Dreamseeker will reveal themselves to you."*** The voice continued, closing the distance even further. A black silhouette now stood two steps away from her, holding out her hands, which themselves were holding nothing. Polaris simply nodded, her gaze averting towards the hands held open before her. ***"You are the Lock. Find the Key. Open the Door."*** The voice continued, but the very second Polaris opened her lips, the silhouette fractured and began to evaporate away. A physical key formed in the hands held open before her, before ultimately meeting its demise, too, as the arms and hands evaporated into the whiteness of the void. The Key remained floating in the void. Polaris inhaled deeply, and exhaled slowly through her nose. Whatever this odd vision meant, it clarified one thing: Within this world, she wasn't alone. She wasn't certain how many, but she was certain for one. Another Voyager would be out there. Whoever this "Key" was, it was Polaris's goal to find it, and with whoever it would be, it would be their common goal to reach the "Door", and promptly open it. She didn't know where the Door would lead them to, but in this moment, it didn't matter. **"Slow steps."** Polaris smiled to herself, watching her own hands begin to evaporate as well now that this strange dream was beginning to reach its own end, too. The Lock, the Key, the Door. Her goal was set. Whoever it was, she would find them, and they would resume their Voyage.
  
### DREAMSEEKER - II
*// The years pass, and with life having returned to normal, the search for this "Dreamseeker" is almost reduced to a memory in the past. On a fateful night in Némiskéi, Polaris passes a peculiar researcher amidst the masses of people at the Pahlatlán-Némiskéi bridge station. A yellow coat, sparkling green eyes, behind round glasses. If the name itself didn't ring a bell for Polaris, the odd cosmic disruption that she felt as the two crossed paths most definitely did. There was something strange about this woman, and standing still in her tracks, she turns around with her eyes opened just slightly. "You." She whispers to herself, watching the yellow robe vanish into the distance, drowned out by the sea of colours of every person at the crowded intersection. "Is it you?"*

It had been eight years since her life-changing surgery, and almost eight years since the name "Dreamseeker" was introduced to her. But all these years later, the Dreamseeker never revealed themselves to her. Life had begun to pick up pace, and it had already been seven years since she properly assumed the role of SOLARdawn's Archiver and Overseer. Ever project had been under her wings since then, and she'd managed low- and high-class projects, rejected projects up to a point where she'd lost count. Despite the Western Wing's "Experimental" reputation, there were enough projects that simply could not flourish within the hallways and labs. Not because of a lack of equipment, or a lack of funding, but simply because it wasn't deemed viable enough. And despite the fact she had nothing to say on the matters themselves, she *was* the person to give or reject a green light. 

But for this project, it was irrelevant whether or not she'd approve or reject it for the time being. In fact, she wasn't even in her own office either. The gentle rustle of the wing brushed against her dress, through her hair and wings, as her eyes remained closed. Wrapped around her arm was Nadia's, who served as her guide on their journey towards Ljivk. It wasn't her own idea, nor was it that of Francis or Nadia either, but it was a proposal from the industry themselves. **Moonlight Industries**, they were called, based and operational in Ljivk, bordering the blooming campuses in Pahlathán and Némiskéi. It was a recent breakaway from **Carbine Industries**, another space and energy industry that had recently gone through an attempted resurgence after experiencing a fatal and toxic accident in Kósfrii. Despite their ambitions and missions to minimise the losses and radiation as a result, Moonlight still made their decision to break away from its parent company, and now found itself seeking funding. The divorced industries had much in common, albeit in different locations. While Carbine looked to reignite the space age's spark in discovering its own solar system, Moonlight was far more ambitious, and had a goal even further in mind: Reaching and researching what the **Cintura** (Messier-48) system had to offer. But ambitious goals required ambitious trading partners, and luckily, SOLARdawn had their doors wide open for a partnership. \
*"I keep forgetting Thórirsant is predominantly Lúniksan."* Francis sighed to himself, hearing the train conductor announce the incoming station and its possible connections in Lúniksan, rather than English. ***"So is Máneá, Francis."*** Nadia smirked, turning around to face Francis, who was looking at the watch on his wrist to check the time. ***"You never leave Amadnésam, so it makes sense you didn't know."*** She teased, before looking at Polaris, who was simply staring forwards with her eyes closed. The wings at the back of her head were folded shut, rendering her effectively blind, to make sure no heads would turn. After all, none of them could imagine the reception she would receive if the wings on her head were spread wide to provide her her eyesight, and none of them were really willing to discover that either. ***"Pahlatlán-Némiskéi is next, that's our stop."*** Nadia smiled after listening to the announcement, now following Polaris's empty gaze outside, already seeing a few towers approach in the distance. Even though both Pahlatlán and Némiskéi were both huge cities, both of their own train stations were relatively small, while their shared station served as a terminal for any connecting trains throughout Thórirsant, Máneá, and Zakh'háfo. And even more strategically, the world-renowned research campuses were located right to the south of the station, making it easy to reach for everyone with the destination of a campus nearby. But for the trio, the journey wouldn't end at this joint station, but in Ljivk, which was one more connection away.

With arms intertwined, Polaris and Nadia carefully step out through the train's level doors, clearing the path for many more passengers who were rushing towards their next train, or next tram. After a few moments, Francis finds his way out of the train to and reunites with the trio. *"Should be platform 7, it's the connector to Lóuskan."* He said, pointing at the information signs at the centre of their current platform. It was set to depart in 25 minutes. They had a bit of wiggle room. ***"25 minutes.."*** Nadia sighed, staring at the departure board for a moment, hoping there would be an alternative or earlier train, but to no avail. ***"Might as well get a coffee to kill time, are you two in the need for one too?"*** She smiled, exchanging glances with Francis while Polaris continued to stare into the distance, nodding slowly. It began to eat away at her thoughts as well, after all, it'd been years since she last was "actually" blind. Having Nadia guide her way forward was something she hadn't forgotten, but would have much preferred to forget instead. ***"I hear no complaints, let's get moving."*** Nadia smiled, carefully signalling Polaris and Francis forwards once more towards the central terminal. \
But the feeling of uneasiness remained dominant in Polaris's stomach, for reasons she couldn't pinpoint. She hadn't eaten anything wrong, she hadn't caught a cold or virus either, but yet, an odd pressure began to increase the further she walked through the central area towards the coffee shop. Her left eye opened slightly as her footsteps slowed down, and despite the strain on her eye, she began to look through the crowded hallway in hopes to find something out of the ordinary, something hidden in plain sight, buried within the masses of people. The pressure continued to increase. She began to feel as if she was simply a planet out of orbit, reaching closer to a black hole, its gravity beginning to eat away at her core as it pulled her in. Her footsteps slowed even further, and her eye opened wider, eager to find the source of the pressure, the source of the odd feeling that was intensifying. Through the crowd, it was hard to see, but through the pressure, it was impossible to ignore. **"It's coming towards us."** Polaris thought, barely holding onto Nadia's hand by now as she continued to look straight ahead. A strange distortion could be seen approaching her, but no body nor face matched it. Hidden through the crowd, it came closer and closer, disturbing her senses, disturbing her feelings, the pressure ever increasing until it suddenly reached a peak, and began to dissipate again. Polaris froze in place, let go of Nadia's hand, and immediately turned around. She'd found the source of the pressure, a brown-haired woman, with shimmering green eyes hidden behind round glasses, in a yellow coat that was impossible to miss. **"You."** She whispered to herself, watching the crowd pass her without any incentive to ask, without any incentive to even wonder why she'd stopped in the middle of the pathway. She could only watch the yellow coat vanish into the distance, once more buried in the crowd, hidden in plain sight as the pressure she carried with her began to dissipate once more. It eased up her stomach, but it left her with millions of questions to answer. **"The Dreamseeker."** She whispered to herself, feeling Nadia's hand on her shoulder immediately change from one with pressed with worry to one pressed with confusion. **"Is it you?"**

### DREAMSEEKER - III
*// Coincidences can't exist. The odd cosmic pressure and disruption that she had felt in Némiskéi continues to bother her, and it continued to eat away at her mind during working hours. With a deflated sigh, her left eye opens, and in the edges of her office room, the all too familiar pink swirls begin to crawl up the walls. A makeshift void was forming before her eyes, and it would serve as a means to send out a signal, in hopes that this peculiar researcher would indeed be the person she'd been looking for all these years. "Voyager." She whispers, in hopes her voice would be heard. "Once you pull at the seams." The pink swirls of the void began to form themselves into the shape of a cone. The message would be sent, the beacon would be lit. "The Voyage will guide you here."*
