# Internal Channels
**Internal Channels** is a collection of various means of internal communications spanning both [[TRAVEL RISK]] and [[Reaching Beyond]]. 

# SOLARdawn Internal Circuit
## Project ANGEL
### Communication log between Angelina and Dave, monitored by Unit 4C - August 10th, 2074
*// LOG ENTRY INITIATED. This conversation is now being recorded by request of Director Mullan. //* \
**"Yeah, whatever, 4C, it won't change my stance whether you record it or not."** Angelina sighed. Before her was a packed folder with not just her own research papers, but a handful of verification papers that she had to go through as well. To her annoyance, she had already decided to pull the trigger on her own sacrifice for this project, and yet, one year after her incredibly tough decision had been made, she had still not moved a single metre forward. *"It's routine, sorry."* The man that was seated next to her said back, a slight hint of annoyance in his own voice as well. *"We'll start at the very top. Dr. Velana, have you read through the terms, agreements, and clauses cited in your papers, and those you have received from SOLARdawn's internal circuit?"* \
**"Twice per day, during lunch and before bedtime. And each and every time I've agreed. Dave, is this really necessary? My stance has remained unchanged since September."** Angelina immediately replied, sighing deeply and crossing her arms as her eyes veered back and forth between the papers, and the Unit that was recording the conversation. *"Let me phrase it differently."* Dave replied, placing the sheet of paper and his pen back on the table before turning his chair around to face Angelina directly. His expression betrayed him, a sense of worry and uncertainty was on full display for her to see. *"Angelina, you understand that if you go through with this, the person known as "Dr. Angelina Velana" will cease to exist, do you? Regardless of whether the projects succeeds or fails, the person that you are right now, the person that I'm having this conversation with, will die."* He continued, taking pauses while speaking to find the correct words, a slight tremble in his voice. \
In response, Angelina glanced away from Dave, and instead took a hold of the stack of papers herself. Taking the pen, she skimmed through the seemingly endless list of verification checks, reading once more through all risks involved, the procedure that would take place, and the ultimate fate that she would face. And yet, she flew through the papers. Angelina knew exactly what not just Dave, but the rest of SOLARdawn was worried about, and even so, she scribbled her signature at the very bottom of each page, dropping the pen loudly on top of the table and resuming the stare into Dave's eyes. **"Does this answer you, Dave?"** She asked, her brows furrowing. \
*"I.. believe it does.."* He sighed back, his elbow resting on the table and his hand now pressing against his forehead. *"But, Angelina, even if you agree, I don't think Polaris would-"* \
**"Polaris has not once agreed with me, Dave, every paper that has the name "Velana" stamped on it is rejected!"** Angelina scoffed, almost snapping completely upon the mere mention of the name "Polaris". Holding her hand flat on the table, she did her best to hold back from lashing out any further, but taking a deep breath, she slowly continued. **"This project is separate from Polaris's wishes altogether. I could not care less what they have to say about it, it doesn't involve them in the slightest."** \
Dave was left shocked, and even if he would bring up what was on his mind, he knew that it would not help Angelina's case any further. As much as he hated to admit it, he wasn't able to convince her in the slightest about changing her stance, changing anything regarding the project she had been working on for over a year now. She was at the doorstep of finally starting Project Angel, something she had been dreaming of working towards, something she had envisioned from the very moment she first walked through the doors in Amadnésam almost a decade ago. \
*"I get it, forget that I mentioned Polaris altogether."* He said back in defeat, and taking a folder from the far end of the table, he handed it to Angelina. *"This is from a few decades ago, back when PALMER-EDEN was still in service in Illinois. 4C has analysed it and figured out that there have been no reported cases where Ultima and Leremkov have been mixed. It thinks it might hamper the project."* He continued, a worried smile appearing on his face while Angelina's eyes darted towards the small, orange box that was on top of the table on their opposing end. In its centre, it had a camera lens that was continuously recording the conversation between the two researches, but 4C was capable of much, much more when connected to its main terminal in the research halls. But raising her eyebrow, Angelina didn't think too much of the robot's ideas about her project. **"Have the old man Vitaly come to my office as soon as possible. I know he's in Amadnésam right now, and if this really is the last weak link, I will have it fixed and start immediately."** She said, her eyes darting from the spinning camera lens towards Dave's eyes. But in a matter of seconds, she bundles up all her papers and left the signed checklist on the table, standing up from her chair and promptly leaving the room. With a deep sigh, Dave could only watch her leave and close the door shut tight behind her, and glancing to his right, he skimmed through the papers that Angelina had left behind. Each and every checkbox was marked on "Agree", only cementing her fate as the vessel for the project. Shaking his head, he stared at the papers in disbelief for a few moments, before glancing at the orange box, the worried smile remaining on his face. *"4C, stop the recording."* \
*// LOG ENTRY ENDED. The recording has been saved. Connect me to a terminal to view it. //*
#### Addendum
**Project Angel**, as designed by the namesake **Angelina Velana** herself, is a project that attempts to unlock humanity's full potential, combining the supernaturalism of the once prestigious **Ultima** project that dated back to **PALMER-EDEN**, and the ever developing possibilities that open up by **Vitaly Leremkov**'s ongoing research with mixing human DNA with animal DNA to reduce any human flaws. \
Even with all risks assessed, it would still be an enormous challenge to have everything go smoothly during a single operation. As nobody was willing enough to become the vessel for the project, Angelina herself made the decision after searching and waiting for half a year, eventually stepping forward to become the recipient of a **Flame Heart**. (*// This is what allows Angel to ignite her spear at free will in [[KILLJOY - Story]], the shaft of the spear is a channel that prevents the spear itself from igniting and burning, channelling her ability to the tip alone.*) \
The operation alone is where things become more awry. The replacement of a heart, and the subsequent stress on the recipient's body from the further changes induced by Leremkov, tied together with being under anaesthetics for almost a day straight leaves them with a high risk of amnesia following the operation. This is what Dave implied with *"The person I'm having this conversation with will die"*, as the person that is Angelina will no longer exist following the operation. Under guidance of 4C, she is set to undergo rehabilitation and in the following months, learn to master her abilities and newfound strength, whoever that "Angel" might become.

### Communication log between Angelina and Dave, monitored by Unit 4C - August 17th, 2074
*// LOG ENTRY INITIATED. This conversation is now being recorded by request of Dr. Velana. //* \
With a quiet whirr, 4C's camera spun around once after it was placed on the table, monitoring the conversation that Angelina and Dave were to have right before the very start of Project Angel. Over the past week, Angelina had worked out the final details and flaws that 4C had picked up after analysing her papers, highlighting a potential weak link between the Ultima organ and the addition of Leremkov to her body in the same surgery. It believed that the immense stress that would take place on her body soon after a heart surgery would paralyse her altogether, but once more, Angelina presented a folder of simulated data that she had worked out with Dr. Leremkov, refuting 4C's analysis. After staring at the folder for a moment, Dave hesitantly picked it up from the table while Angelina was gazing deeply into his eyes. She had been waiting for well over a year for the project to kick off, even after having found a suitable vessel for the project: Herself. Slowly and carefully, he read through all ten pages word for word, holding a marker to point out any lines that he left him confused or where he wanted to ask Angelina about, but reaching the last page, the marker was left unused. Defeated, he drops the folder back to the table, and placed his hand on his forehead, struggling to process the reality of the situation. *"I.. take it there's no way for me to convince you otherwise?"* He asked, absentmindedly looking at Angelina's face. \
**"None at all."** She replied firmly, and looking to her left, she looked at 4C's display, imitating a film roll spinning as it continued to record the conversation that the two researchers were having. **"4C, I take it you analysed the paper that Vitaly and I worked out too? Did you find any flaws?"** \
*// Indeed, I have analysed your paper. Compared to the previously shared paper, the flaws that I had found on your paper regarding Leremkov have been explored further, and I have not found any remaining flaws requiring attention. I am not authorised to, but I would give this project a green light were I able to. //* \
A smile appeared on Angelina's face, as her eyes darted back to Dave's worried face, who seemed to be deeply lost in thought. **"See? Even the terminal agrees. The rehab process is laid out for the first year onwards, the Flame Heart is ready, and Vitaly is at the ready as well for whenever a date for the operation becomes available. Dave, why are you holding me back still?"** \
*"It doesn't sit easy with me, Angelina. This is essentially the last time we'll talk. The very next time I will have a conversation with you, you will not be the Angelina that I've known for the past ten years."* Dave sighed, burying his face in his hands after finishing with speaking, struggling emotionally to deal with the reality of watching someone willingly step forward into their imminent death. Even if it was for research, it didn't sit easy with him that the prestigious researcher, Dr. Angelina Velana, would offer herself for this project that wasn't even guaranteed to be a success. *"Did it really have to be you to be the vessel?"* \
**"Nobody else was willing, and I've searched day and night for half a year."** Angelina scoffed, her brows furrowing now that Dave was returning to the topic of the conversation from just over a week ago. **"Dave, nothing is going to change my mind. If you have nothing notable worth saying anymore, I'll go and check in with Dr. Ezarea for the planning for the operation."** She continued, already beginning to scramble together her papers while constantly keeping an eye on 4C's rolling camera. With a lump in his throat, Dave wasn't able to respond, struggling to find the words, or a single word at all for that matter. Instead, he could only nod slowly, watching his long-term colleague step up from her chair with papers and folders in hand. \
**"Dave."** She began, a feint smile appearing on her face as the two locked eyes for one last time. **"4C, end the recording in 10 seconds. Dave, I'm sorry."** She said, her feint smile quickly being exchanged with a face of worry of her own, before she turned around to face the door of the room that they were in. **"The odds are low, but never zero. I hope my amnesia won't be as severe as expected, I.. hope I'll remember-"** \
*// LOG ENTRY ENDED. The recording has been saved. Connect me to a terminal to view it. //*

### Activity log in operation room, monitored by Unit 4C in Terminal SR-E1 - August 23rd, 2074
*// Terminal connection point recognised. Please wait a moment... //* \
*// Establishing connection with Terminal SR-E1. Please wait a moment while our data points perform a handshake. //* \
*// Handshake successful. Unit 4C is now connected to Terminal SR-E1. Please verify your identity before accessing the Terminal's data point to view or handle my data. //* \
*// Biometric data point detected. Analysing... //* \
*// Verification successful. Welcome, Dr. Vitaly Leremkov, to Terminal SR-E1. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me. I will assist you in whatever fashion possible. Scheduled today is: Phase two of Project ANGEL. This implies that the vessel has successfully received the Flame Heart. Verifying... //* \
*// Log entry match. At 13:24 MST, the vessel, Dr. Angelina Velana, has received the Flame Heart. Operation was carried out by Dr. Francis Ezarea. Please note: The vessel is still under anaesthetics, and is set to wake up in: 16 hours. Phase two includes the appliance of a modified gene. Dr. Leremkov, it appears you are to carry out this operation. Is this correct? //* \
*// Verification successful. According to my available data, the vessel is situated in operation room SR-E1. All vital health signs are stable and positive. There is no imminent risk of failure for the listed procedure. While connected to this Terminal, I will monitor the health data as the operation proceeds. For added context, I would like to record the audio during the operation as well. Do I have your permission to do so? //* \
*// Verification successful. Dr. Leremkov, I am ready when you are. //* \
**"Ready, 4C. Let's make Angelina's dream a reality."**



