# List of Spaceships
## Carbine Industries
**Carbine's** space- and research ships follow the same naming convention for ease of use, some of which also closely resemble their designed functions. All of these ships and stations, with the exception of the **ARC**, follow the **"Metal/Jewel"** + **"Weapon/Tool"** naming scheme.
- **01**. **ARC** (**Advanced Research for Carbine**): The **ARC** is the beating heart of **Carbine**, where the majority of its space research takes place. Built and launched from **2094** until **2096**, it was the brainchild of **Thomas Vanhuyt** and **Maria Limáida**, and it was designed with the future in mind, offering sustainability and self-sufficiency for many decades ahead. 
- **100**. **Golden Bow**:
- **150**. **Jade Dagger**: A self-sufficient research ship that made its way to the edge of the Choreos system, now orbiting the lone gas planet of **Márivonus** to conduct their research there and discovering its mysteries.
- **230**. **Bronze Dart**: A lightweight ship that was originally intended to be used for transport of people and cargo between **Lúniks** and its moon, **Lumen**. 
- **327**. **Silver Pike**: As written below, the **Silver Pike** has been launched in **2094** to trade duties and research together with the **Platinum Halberd**.
- **328**. **Platinum Halberd**: Travels often through the **Alessi Belt** to conduct various methods of research while on the ship, as well as outside of the ship in zero gravity, to further research what humanity can achieve in any developmental aspect. This includes, but is not limited to, *weaponry*, *farming*, *power harvesting*, and more. Since **2095**, it has been shuttling between **Dvóniks** and **Lóivonus** together with the **Silver Pike**, to conduct research on the possibilities of creating a temporary space-faring city while Dvóniks, or Mars in the Solar System, could undergo terraformation.
- **330**. **Ruby Spear**: Thomas had been designing this ship before taking his leave from Carbine. It would maintain the design language used by the Pike and Halberd, but use his next generation of **Loop Engines**. It would never see the light of day, and remain on paper.
- **331**. **Topaz Spear**: "Spearheaded" by Thomas, the drafts that he had left behind after his leave from Carbine would eventually be picked up by Dr. **Victor Haybrad**, and not long after the **Alessi Shuttles** would make their way back to **Lumen**, the finalisation for the second generation of these shuttles would happen within a month, and soon after, production in **Némiskéi** would resume the ambitious goal that the original Shuttles carried.

## Hammerhead Industries
### Jangxi Design
- **001**. **Hammerhead Satellite Ship** (**HSS**): Originally launched in **2040**, this ship was meant to slowly travel towards the nearest solar system and analyse various planets on its course, developing and deploying satellites on-site, and being self-sufficient enough for several generations to survive. It would return in **2080**, and undergo renovation and refurbishment, before it would be sent to its next solar system: **Cintura**. Due to the costs of its refurbishment, however, it had a critical ventilation and pressure failure soon after re-entering space, and after accidentally getting swung out of orbit towards Cintura, it was evacuated and declared a total loss, ultimately becoming no more than space debris.
### Vanhuyt-Limáida-Miyidkov Design 
- **020**. **Józiská**: The **Józiská** (*lit. (translation due)*) is an exploration ship designed in **2077** that was intended to keep the dream of space exploration alive. It was designed with the original **Exploration Ships**, designed by **Aélu Akájune** all the way back in **2003**. Despite this dream, the **020** would remain the only ship in its generation, and the mission it was to carry would carry over to the **Pozecë** ships and future ships under **Carbine**.
- **034**. **Pozecë 4**: A lightweight ship that was designed in a range of **10** ships in total to explore new ways to connect Earth and Lúniks, but also to connect Lúniks to her moon, Lumen. 
### Battista-Yavszi Design
- **COSMOS**: Hammerhead's **COSMOS** space station would directly rival Carbine's **ARC**, after having witnessed its success. Although the two industries worked together in order to create the ARC, COSMOS would be designed entirely in-house, pushing limits and reinventing boundaries time and time again during development of the enormous space station. It's aimed to be built and activated in early **2098**, and to avoid interference, it would float to the polar opposite of the ARC in orbit, allowing both industries to conduct research without getting in one another's way.
- **VOID**: Aimed to be launched in late **2096**, the **VOID** spaceship would make its way towards the nearest black hole, **Gaia BH-1**. Its size would be comparable to the **001**, as well as the original Settlement Ship **One**, which launched in **2005**. It would be an immense and primarily automated journey into a galaxy 1500 lightyears away, and the ship is designed to be as efficient and self-sufficient as possible to make the endurance of a journey possible.

## Moonlight Industries
Moonlight industries lays its primary focus on orbital space stations in the system **Cintura**, especially with its research on **Oceana**. 
- **Oceana-1**: Similarly to the Carbine's **ARC**, **Oceana-1** is an orbital space station around the identically named planet Oceana. Its design shares similarities with the ARC, albeit a much smaller interpretation that supports fast means of travel through the **Panjit Loop** to locate easily in **Cintura**, travelling from **Choreos**.
- **Pond-1**: Pond-1 is a research station that has landed on Oceana to conduct research there. As Oceana is a water planet with only a few set of small, lifeless rock islands, it floats on the endless oceans of water while conducting research related to the atmosphere and searches for potential life in the water.



## Addendum
- **Hammerhead**'s and **Carbine**'s fleets share a numbering scheme, since both the **030-039** ships and the rest of Carbine's fleet have been designed and built by the "Big three": Dr. Vanhuyt, Dr. Limáida, and Dr. Miyidkov. Even though only the latter remained at Hammerhead, Vanhuyt and Limáida continued their numbering convention into the further future, only breaking it during the construction of the **ARC**, which remains the only spaceship to have two digits, and not three. 
- The **HSS** originally didn't have a number, but as it was the first ship to be serviced by Limáida, it was assigned the inaugural number **001** during its refurbishment. 
