# Maria Limáida
A peek into her daily life. 

## August 9th - Resettlement on the ARC
With a deep, deflated sigh, Maria returned to her dormitory. In the past two hours, she had been heavily discussing with not just Petra, but the rest of her research team that was housed in the Northern wing of the ARC, providing Oceana-1 with the native data necessary to relay back and forth the research that was being discovered in the nearby galaxy of Cintura. And the research that they conducted there was the very reason that she reunited with Petra in the first place yesterday. Despite all odds, within a 7-lightyear distance around Earth, they somehow had discovered life, going against all what was previously thought to be true. **"Unbelievable.."** She sighed, collapsing on her desk and pressing her forehead against her arms that rested flat on the table. Petra had made the request for Maria to temporarily settle on Oceana-1 to aid the scientists there with their research, since it had been her own idea to deploy a floating station on Oceana's infinite ocean. Closing her eyes, she exhaled deeply, her breathing gradually warming up her bare arms as her breath was trapped between her arms, face, and the desk. And slowly but surely, she began to doze off, her mind presenting the discussion from yesterday and today once more in her head.

**"It's out of the question. I'm not boarding Oceana-1"** She said with a stern look on her face. Her brows were furrowed, whatever the suggestion had been, it seemed like she was strongly against it. On the opposing end stood Petra, who had her arms crossed in surprise, yet annoyance at Maria's response. *"Maria, the idea of deploying a floating research station had been yours from many years ago. We'd like your take on how we can iterate it to properly pin down the research for the discovered life on Oceana."* She said, and with an awkward smile on her face, Maria's reply didn't come to a surprise to her at all. \
**"You've lost my trust twelve years ago when you made the suggestion to alter the human genome. My existence is proof that it can easily go wrong, and after you broke off from Carbine eleven years ago to pursue it anyway, you've lost all my trust. I'm repeating myself, I'm not boarding Oceana-1."** Maria scoffed, her voice deeper than usual, echoing against the curved walls in the conference hall. Her eyes were shimmering, and even if she felt a desire to answer her lifelong question deep within her body, she knew she couldn't answer it through the help of Moondial. The scientist to the left of Petra opened his mouth, but before he was able to say anything, Maria had raised her finger to gesture him to stay quiet. **"I don't want to hear a word, Marco, from you especially."** She scoffed, now locking eyes with him. But even so, he spoke anyway, trying to relieve and settle down the increasingly tense atmosphere. *"I think there's a misunderstanding. We don't intend to mix the discovered cells with the human genome."* He said calmly, gesturing to Maria to keep her voice down a bit. Taking a deep breath, Maria complied, and gave herself a few moments to breathe properly and ease up a bit.

But before she could reopen her mouth to formulate a reply to Marco, their faces had begun to deform, and in a matter of seconds, she no longer was in the conference hall that she had found herself in just yesterday. Aboard the ARC, she had now properly fallen asleep, and her mind was sending her further down her memories, going deeper and deeper, further and further back in time, and as the world around her began to deform, she was suddenly looking down the barrel of a pistol held right before her eyes. **"This is.. oddly familiar.."** The voice in her head spoke as the details surrounding the pistol began to come into focus as well. She was standing in one of the main streets, and to her left was the dark alleyway that she had just made her way out of. The smells of her surroundings were familiar, and after a few seconds of adjusting, it finally clicked. **"Deth-Kelétam."** She thought to herself, completing the puzzle in her head, the person wielding the gun becoming the last piece to complete the centre of the puzzle. But to her surprise, her memories weren't presenting a carbon copy of the day she was actively replaying in her head. In 2076, she had met Mika and Gradient in Deth-Kelétam, what was once a Dáritke stronghold. She still had a bounty on her head at the time, and Mika was eager to claim it and cash it out with Mitch, backing it up with a pistol pressed against Maria's forehead. But with time frozen, she looked at the pistol, and instead of Mika's yellow-coloured gloves holding the pistol's grip tightly, it was a cybernetic arm, coated in a reflective black colouring. Her focus point changed, going further away from her eyes, gradually following the arm of the pistol's wielder. Mika came into view, but stood behind Gradient, who was holding the weapon instead. The puzzle that Maria felt close to solving now shattered into millions of smaller pieces. **"That's not right."** Her mind said, her voice firm. She was confident that the exact event her mind was presenting to her right now was wrong, and imagination, and finally finding herself able to break the chains she felt stuck in, she stepped to the right, into the main street that had frozen in space and time too. With each step she took, time progressed ever so slightly, and standing next to Mika, she could hear his whispers to Gradient with each single step. *"Now, pull.."* He began, the noise of the crowd surrounding the trio fading in and out with each step Maria took. *"..the trigger.."* He continued, leaving Maria completely clueless. *"..and we're millionaires."*

Standing behind Gradient and Mika, her perspective shifted once more, and with Mika suddenly disappearing out of her sight, she suddenly found herself in a more familiar place. She had returned to the ARC, but to her surprise, Gradient was still standing before her, standing in the same position, but no longer holding a pistol. Time gradually resumed, and it quickly became clear that she was holding the same plasma welder that she used aboard the **Platinum Halberd** before the accident that led up to this very dream. But with time now progressing as normal again, it was Maria that froze in place, watching her walk off into the distance to her dormitory where the rest of the Halberd's crew stayed for the time being. Gradient's cybernetic arms had gone, and had been replaced with human arms once more. But that left the puzzle that shattered just a moment ago stuck on the floor. More steps were making their way towards Maria, and to her surprise, they didn't seem to pay any attention to her standing in the middle of the walkway, and instead, effortlessly walked around her to avoid bumping into her. Her mind began to sting, the picture in her head was slowly but surely fading into place, but she couldn't pinpoint it down perfectly.

In a split second, she snapped back to her senses and shot upwards from her desk, her mind fuzzy and drowsy. Trying to readjust to her senses, she continued to stare into the reinforced window right in front of her desk. Lumen was slowly coming into view, but her mind wasn't focused on that in this moment at all. Subconsciously, she felt her hand begin to warm up, and closing her eyes once more, she saw the exact moment her mind had switched her from the main street in Deth-Kelétam towards the ARC. The memory was vivid, and she found herself replaying it over and over again, eager to discover clues, eager to discover the key to the door she was stuck in front of, eager to find the last piece to the puzzle that she had picked up from the floor. Time and time again, she looked at Gradient, only to snap back to stare at Cisila's back aboard the ARC. 

Her eyes shot wide open, and it had finally dawned upon her. **"That can't be a coincidence."** Maria thought out loud, her eyes drifting towards her hand on her desk, particles swirling wildly around her fingers, almost as if they were happy to see her come to this conclusion. Her mind continued to sting, but giving herself a few moments to ease up and breathe properly again, she smiled. She had already been struggling to figure out why Cisila looked so familiar to her when she exited the Halberd after Maria and her crew had rescued not just her, but her ship's crew and those of the Pike as well, but now, the answer seemed to be clear as day. **"They're related, somehow."** Maria whispered to herself, exhaling deeply, happy that she finally solved the mystery that had been itching the back of her head for the past few days now. **"I need to schedule a meeting."** She said to herself, having raised her voice as she stood up from the desk, scrambling together everything at once now that her mind finally freed itself up. **"I need a coffee first. This will be a long night."**

## August 12th 2096 - An intriguing ring
*"If I may ask, Dr. Limáida, I never noticed it before, but I see you're wearing a ring. May I ask where you have gotten it from?"* Sean asked kindly, his eyes darting between the ring on Maria's right finger, which was holding a fountain pen that floated above the immense stack of paperwork on the desk before the two scientists. All the data logs from the **Silver Pike** had rolled in over the past days, and with Thomas having left for the **ESA** just a few days ago, it was just Maria that had any knowledge about the Alessi Shuttles. And with only one brain available to crunch through the data, any sort of comment that broke her trance would immediately irk her. \
**"It's a marriage ring."** She sighed, her eyes remaining fixated on the blueprint of the Pike's B-deck, before she laid the pen on the table and held up her hand before her, allowing Sean to get a proper look at it too. **"Our 22nd anniversary would've been in a month."** \
*"Would have been? Is it wrong for me to assume your partner was Dr. Vanhuyt?"* \
**"Very wrong."** Maria immediately replied, her eyes returning back to the sea of documents before her. Picking up the pen once more, she did her best to get her focus back, trying to stow away the comment that Sean had just made. \
*"My apologies, Dr. Limáida, if I said something out of line. But how come we've never seen your partner at the ARC?"* Sean asked kindly once more. Even if his questions were sincere and meant with no ill intent, it still struck Maria the wrong way, and with her ears now laying flat on her head, Sean could already feel that it was going into the wrong direction. \
**"She died 21 years ago, Sean. That's why you never have and never will meet her."** Maria replied after a few moments, her voice deeper than usual, as if she was trying to suppress herself from lashing out. But on the other hand, Sean could hear her voice tremble ever so slightly. *"I'm deeply sorry, Dr. Limáida, I was not-"* \
**"Sean, please, you don't need to be this formal to me."** Maria interrupted him, sighing deeply afterwards. Slowly but surely, she pressed her pen down on the table, rolling back in her chair and stepping out, not taking a look back at Sean's now-worried face. **"Please read through the Pike's black box entries from 14:00-17:00 and mark down any abnormalities for me to inspect. I need a moment for myself."** She said before stepping out of the sliding door, leaving Sean by himself to continue today's research. 