# Memory Shards - Maria Limáida
A peek into **Maria Limáida**'s daily life. 

## August 7th 2096 - Lightcone announces Dr Vanhuyt's departure
*"Maria, a message from Lightcone."* A voice called for her from the distance, and turning around, Maria saw the figure approach her with a small folder of notes in his hand. Placing her coffee mug on the table before her, her eyes sparkled in surprise after recognising the colour of the stamp on each and every note. *"I've been told not to disclose the contents, but they're important to you."* He added, and taking the folder of notes from him, she whispered a quiet **"Thank you."** before watching him leave into the distance again. 

Taking another sip of her coffee, she removed the stamp on the folder of notes. It was a slightly turquoise-coloured stamp, signifying that they belonged to **Lightcone**, one of **Moonlight**'s divisions, that focused primarily on faster-than-light travel and the research that came with answering the solutions of the speed of light, and everything regarding light as a whole. Putting the cleanly-removed stamp to the side, she saw the logo of Lightcone at the very first page, and folding open the little A5-sized booklet, more questions arose from the very first sentence she read. *"Lightcone announces departure of Dr. Vanhuyt."* \
Maria stared at the sentence for a little longer, processing how much this single question complicated an enormous aspect of the research that the two were conducting aboard the ARC. Moonlight had separated from Carbine over ten years ago, in **2085**, and had cited a "Disparity in research" between the two institutes. Ever since, their teams had moved to Ljivk, and not much collaboration had happened between the two institutes ever since. But Thomas leaving Lightcone left Maria unable to solve the puzzle before her. Her head stung merely thinking about how much more complicated the whole ordeal had become. 

She flipped through the pages, and saw the various titles of research papers that Thomas had published over the past few years. Even during the development of the ARC, he kept in touch with Hammerhead to find solutions for its reactors. But while she saw Thomas's name on documents regarding the ARC, as well as projects within Hammerhead, she took a long sip from her coffee upon reading his name under the codenames of the Alessi Shuttles. Both the **327** and **328** appeared, which already left her puzzling for an answer. **"The engines were Lightcone's?"** She mumbled to herself, trying to figure out a solution herself. Every previous ship, including her very own **Golden Bow**, used the last-generation Panjit Engines for faster-than-light travel, but as stable as they were, they grew old and unreliable quickly. Both Maria and Thomas had put their heads together to find out a way to create a new way to travel faster than light, but it seemed impossible to do in the near future at the time, and with the ARC project approaching too, there was no time to work it out. With Maria's schedule having gotten too busy, she let Thomas work out the engine issue for the Shuttles. **"It's logical.. but it's not documented.."** Maria sighed, pouring more coffee into her cup. She couldn't be bothered to add creamer or sugar to it at the moment, this puzzle had to be solved quickly. \
Reaching the last page in the folder, her eyes opened wide. **"330.."** She thought out loud, remembering that it was Thomas's last project that he had worked on before he left Carbine to return to the ESA on Earth. Maria had called it the **Topaz Spear**, and it was intended to be the next generation of the Alessi Shuttles, but with Thomas's sudden departure, she knew that it would never see the light of day, and remain on paper for the rest of time. But putting the folder to the side, she took a notepad from her coat, and taking off the pen pinned to her shirt, she began to write down her thoughts. **"Contact Lightcone regarding Loop engines.."** She mumbled under her breath as she wrote it down, thinking out loud along the way. **"Ask about Thomas's involvements.. Look through 330's documentation.."** Her pen remained on the paper as her train of thoughts reached an end. Picking up her mug from the table again, she finished the remainder before getting up from her chair. Inhaling deeply through her nose, she exhaled deeply out of her mouth, slowly but surely making her way towards her office. **"No time for breaks.."**

## August 9th 2096 - Resettlement on the ARC
With a deep, deflated sigh, Maria returned to her dormitory. In the past two hours, she had been heavily discussing with not just Petra, but the rest of her research team that was housed in the Northern wing of the ARC, providing Oceana-1 with the native data necessary to relay back and forth the research that was being discovered in the nearby galaxy of Cintura. And the research that they conducted there was the very reason that she reunited with Petra in the first place yesterday. Despite all odds, within a 7-lightyear distance around Earth, they somehow had discovered life, going against all what was previously thought to be true. **"Unbelievable.."** She sighed, collapsing on her desk and pressing her forehead against her arms that rested flat on the table. Petra had made the request for Maria to temporarily settle on Oceana-1 to aid the scientists there with their research, since it had been her own idea to deploy a floating station on Oceana's infinite ocean. Closing her eyes, she exhaled deeply, her breathing gradually warming up her bare arms as her breath was trapped between her arms, face, and the desk. And slowly but surely, she began to doze off, her mind presenting the discussion from yesterday and today once more in her head.

**"It's out of the question. I'm not boarding Oceana-1"** She said with a stern look on her face. Her brows were furrowed, whatever the suggestion had been, it seemed like she was strongly against it. On the opposing end stood Petra, who had her arms crossed in surprise, yet annoyance at Maria's response. *"Maria, the idea of deploying a floating research station had been yours from many years ago. We'd like your take on how we can iterate it to properly pin down the research for the discovered life on Oceana."* She said, and with an awkward smile on her face, Maria's reply didn't come to a surprise to her at all. \
**"You've lost my trust twelve years ago when you made the suggestion to alter the human genome. My existence alone is proof that it can easily go wrong, and after you broke off from Carbine eleven years ago to pursue it anyway, you've lost all the remaining hope I had for you and your research. I'm repeating myself, I'm not boarding Oceana-1."** Maria scoffed, her voice deeper than usual, echoing against the curved walls in the conference hall. Her eyes were shimmering, and even if she felt a desire to answer her lifelong question deep within her body, she knew she couldn't answer it through the help of Moondial. The scientist to the left of Petra opened his mouth, but before he was able to say anything, Maria had raised her finger to gesture him to stay quiet. **"I don't want to hear a word, Marco, from you especially."** She scoffed, now locking eyes with him. But even so, he spoke anyway, trying to relieve and settle down the increasingly tense atmosphere. *"I think there's a misunderstanding. We don't intend to mix the discovered cells with the human genome."* He said calmly, gesturing to Maria to keep her voice down a bit. Taking a deep breath, Maria complied, and gave herself a few moments to breathe properly and ease up a bit.

But before she could reopen her mouth to formulate a reply to Marco, their faces had begun to deform, and in a matter of seconds, she no longer was in the conference hall that she had found herself in just yesterday. Aboard the ARC, she had now properly fallen asleep, and her mind was sending her further down her memories, going deeper and deeper, further and further back in time, and as the world around her began to deform, she was suddenly looking down the barrel of a pistol held right before her eyes. **"This is.. oddly familiar.."** The voice in her head spoke as the details surrounding the pistol began to come into focus as well. She was standing in one of the main streets, and to her left was the dark alleyway that she had just made her way out of. The smells of her surroundings were familiar, and after a few seconds of adjusting, it finally clicked. **"Deth-Kelétam."** She thought to herself, completing the puzzle in her head, the person wielding the gun becoming the last piece to complete the centre of the puzzle. But to her surprise, her memories weren't presenting a carbon copy of the day she was actively replaying in her head. In 2076, she had met Mika and Gradient in Deth-Kelétam, what was once a Dáritke stronghold. She still had a bounty on her head at the time, and Mika was eager to claim it and cash it out with Mitch, backing it up with a pistol pressed against Maria's forehead. But with time frozen, she looked at the pistol, and instead of Mika's yellow-coloured gloves holding the pistol's grip tightly, it was a cybernetic arm, coated in a reflective black colouring. Her focus point changed, going further away from her eyes, gradually following the arm of the pistol's wielder. Mika came into view, but stood behind Gradient, who was holding the weapon instead. The puzzle that Maria felt close to solving now shattered into millions of smaller pieces. **"That's not right."** Her mind said, her voice firm. She was confident that the exact event her mind was presenting to her right now was wrong, and imagination, and finally finding herself able to break the chains she felt stuck in, she stepped to the right, into the main street that had frozen in space and time too. With each step she took, time progressed ever so slightly, and standing next to Mika, she could hear his whispers to Gradient with each single step. *"Now, pull.."* He began, the noise of the crowd surrounding the trio fading in and out with each step Maria took. *"..the trigger.."* He continued, leaving Maria completely clueless. *"..and we're millionaires."*

Standing behind Gradient and Mika, her perspective shifted once more, and with Mika suddenly disappearing out of her sight, she suddenly found herself in a more familiar place. She had returned to the ARC, but to her surprise, Gradient was still standing before her, standing in the same position, but no longer holding a pistol. Time gradually resumed, and it quickly became clear that she was holding the same plasma welder that she used aboard the **Platinum Halberd** before the accident that led up to this very dream. But with time now progressing as normal again, it was Maria that froze in place, watching her walk off into the distance to her dormitory where the rest of the Halberd's crew stayed for the time being. Gradient's cybernetic arms had gone, and had been replaced with human arms once more. But that left the puzzle that shattered just a moment ago stuck on the floor. More steps were making their way towards Maria, and to her surprise, they didn't seem to pay any attention to her standing in the middle of the walkway, and instead, effortlessly walked around her to avoid bumping into her. Her mind began to sting, the picture in her head was slowly but surely fading into place, but she couldn't pinpoint it down perfectly.

In a split second, she snapped back to her senses and shot upwards from her desk, her mind fuzzy and drowsy. Trying to readjust to her senses, she continued to stare into the reinforced window right in front of her desk. Lumen was slowly coming into view, but her mind wasn't focused on that in this moment at all. Subconsciously, she felt her hand begin to warm up, and closing her eyes once more, she saw the exact moment her mind had switched her from the main street in Deth-Kelétam towards the ARC. The memory was vivid, and she found herself replaying it over and over again, eager to discover clues, eager to discover the key to the door she was stuck in front of, eager to find the last piece to the puzzle that she had picked up from the floor. Time and time again, she looked at Gradient, only to snap back to stare at Cisila's back aboard the ARC. 

Her eyes shot wide open, and it had finally dawned upon her. **"That can't be a coincidence."** Maria thought out loud, her eyes drifting towards her hand on her desk, particles swirling wildly around her fingers, almost as if they were happy to see her come to this conclusion. Her mind continued to sting, but giving herself a few moments to ease up and breathe properly again, she smiled. She had already been struggling to figure out why Cisila looked so familiar to her when she exited the Halberd after Maria and her crew had rescued not just her, but her ship's crew and those of the Pike as well, but now, the answer seemed to be clear as day. **"They're related, somehow."** Maria whispered to herself, exhaling deeply, happy that she finally solved the mystery that had been itching the back of her head for the past few days now. **"I need to schedule a meeting."** She said to herself, having raised her voice as she stood up from the desk, scrambling together everything at once now that her mind finally freed itself up. **"I need a coffee first. This will be a long night."**

## August 12th 2096 - An intriguing ring
*"If I may ask, Dr. Limáida, I never noticed it before, but I see you're wearing a ring. May I ask where you have gotten it from?"* Sean asked kindly, his eyes darting between the ring on Maria's right finger, which was holding a fountain pen that floated above the immense stack of paperwork on the desk before the two scientists. All the data logs from the **Silver Pike** had rolled in over the past days, and with Thomas having left for the **ESA** just a few days ago, it was just Maria that had any knowledge about the Alessi Shuttles. And with only one brain available to crunch through the data, any sort of comment that broke her trance would immediately irk her. \
**"This? It's a marriage ring."** She sighed, her eyes remaining fixated on the blueprint of the Pike's B-deck, before she laid the pen on the table and held up her hand before her, allowing Sean to get a proper look at it too. **"Our 22nd anniversary would've been in a month."** \
*"Would have been? Is it wrong for me to assume your partner was Dr. Vanhuyt?"* \
**"Very wrong."** Maria immediately replied, her eyes returning back to the sea of documents before her. Picking up the pen once more, she did her best to get her focus back, trying to stow away the comment that Sean had just made. \
*"My apologies, Dr. Limáida, if I said something out of line. But how come we've never seen your partner at the ARC?"* Sean asked kindly once more. Even if his questions were sincere and meant with no ill intent, it still struck Maria the wrong way, and with her ears now laying flat on her head, Sean could already feel that it was going into the wrong direction. \
**"She died 21 years ago, Sean."** Maria replied after a few moments, her voice deeper than usual, as if she was trying to suppress herself from lashing out. For a moment, she kept her mouth open, wanting to say more, but instead choosing not to. But on the other hand, Sean could hear her voice tremble ever so slightly. *"I'm deeply sorry, Dr. Limáida, I was not-"* \
**"Sean, please, you don't need to be this formal to me."** Maria interrupted him, sighing deeply afterwards while closing her eyes and facing the table. Slowly but surely, she pressed her pen down on the table and rolled back in her chair before getting out, not taking a look back at Sean's now-worried face. **"Please read through the Pike's black box entries from 14:00-17:00 and mark down any abnormalities for me to inspect. I need a moment for myself."** She said before stepping out of the sliding door, leaving Sean by himself to continue today's research. 

# No date
## CALL OF THE VOID - I
Meditating. Head facing the ceiling, buried in the pillow beneath, with her hands resting flat on her stomach. In, and out, her chest rose as fresh oxygen found it's way to her lungs through her nose, to complete the cycle and exit through her mouth in a long, deep exhalation. It didn't take long for that raspy, distant, and echoey voice to find its way into her mind again. \
*"Blood."* It cried, only to stay quiet for a moment. Maria could feel her heart pound in her chest, and even through the fabric of her bra, undershirt, and sweater, it was the loudest thing in her bedroom. \
*"Collapse it."* It demanded, and blinking, her eyes focused on the otherwise uninteresting ceiling above her head. \
*"Force. Gravity. Tug on it."* It repeated, having found a target, and now demanding an action, leaving Maria's heart rate increase continually. \
*"Bring it down. Every floor. Spill-"* \
**"You talk a lot."** Maria interrupted the drinking voices, her hands remaining flat on her stomach, but her eyes having closed, visualising the voices, but only able to fabricate it as a liquid, floating and iridescent metal, vibrating as it spoke, central within an endless void. Not even the stars could illuminate the two. \
*"You toy with the cosmos. Embrace it."* \
**"Be more specific."** \
*"Through blood I flow, through mind I aid, the cosmos aids you, now it demands you."* \
Maria's brows furrowed. **"That's, less specific."** \
If the odd voice could sigh, it would. *"Through blood I flow."* \
**"Physically?"** \
*"Correct. Your blood is enriched."* \
**"I'm honoured."** \
The thumping of her heartbeat slowed, but to no concern. \
*"I'm in control."* \
**"Not sure you are."** \
*"You are simply a vessel of the cosmos. Advance no further, unless you embrace."* \
Maria sighed, and looked away from the iridescent metal, looking around her, behind her, finding a few stars appear in the far distance. **"So, where've you put us?"** \
*"Irrelevant."* \
Maria's brows furrowed once more. **"You're a pain to converse with."** \
*"Tug at the strings, pull at the seams."* \
**"If you insist."** Maria sighed, the sparkles around her hand forming once more, appearing from her wrist, and centering around her fingers, swirling between their gaps. **"Is this yours?"** \
*"Correct."* \
**"Figures."** She sighed, and in an instant, the sparkles disappeared once more. **"You never bothered saying hi sooner than this?"** \
*"Never were you closer than now."* \
**"You sure love your vagueness."** \
For a moment, Maria looked to the floor, or the lack thereof. \
**"Have you been here long?"** \
*"From inception."* \
**"...Figures.."**

A knock on her door snapped her out of her trance, and immediately disrupted her vision. Blinking a few times, her vision returned to normal, but the iridescent metal was the last to vanish. *"Dr. Limáida! Dr. Miglháida needs you for something!"* The voice called, and taking a deep sigh, she promptly replied. **"Spatial lab? I'll be there in a moment.."**

## CALL OF THE VOID - II
A deep exhale revealed her breath exiting her lips, forming a little plume of steam, which was quick to evaporate and vanish in the cold air once more. Snow could be seen decorating the floors and the streets of Amadnésam, which housed her destination. At least, the voice in her head claimed it to be there. \
*"The rift nears. The voyage will resume. In cosmos, unity remains."* \
Maria sighed, looking at her feet which sank in the snow. She was now traversing through a grass field in the outskirts of Amadnésam, where a generous amount of snow had accumulated over the past few days. **"Now in a language I understand.."** \
*"L'unità si avvicina."* \
Maria stood still in her tracks, and inhaled deeply through her nose. The cold air irritated her airways, but exhaling deeply through her mouth, that feeling quickly dissipated. **"Terrifying."** 

The further she walked, the more her vision distorted. Even though she felt like she was approaching the enormous campus area in western Amadnésam, her vision told her otherwise. It began to blur in the edges of her vision, and she struggled to determine whether it was from the cold, or if there actually was a "rift" approaching, like the voice in her head was telling her. Nevertheless, now that she had come this far, she wouldn't turn around once more. Even if the answers could be none, *any* answer would suffice at this point. \
*"I'm surprised to see you have answered the calls."* A new voice echoed in her mind, and while she couldn't see who it belonged to, she could already imagine that it belonged to a young woman. *"We haven't met before. I'm intrigued."* \
Maria stood still in her tracks once more. The snow had long stopped falling, but in an instance, she felt like the ambient temperature was increasing by the second. Every breath she took left her feeling increasingly dizzy, the air becoming more and more stuffy, more humid and hotter. \
*"The voice in your head, young Feline."* The rang, its voice much more stern, much more direct than before. *"What does it tell you?"* \
Maria gritted her teeth, annoyed by the fact that she was already being given the nickname of "Feline", even if it had been less than a month since she was infected with Leremkov. The voice in her head cried out, and in unison, they spoke and responded. **"Tear at the seams."** \
A pink glow could be seen in the distance in the sky, but it didn't belong to a distant star, and instead, was within Lúniks's atmosphere. Maria's vision distorted further, and looking back at her feet beneath her, they were no longer buried in the layer of snow, and instead were now standing on soaking grass. It had begun storming. 


## VIOLET
Coffee held in hand, facing beyond the reflection in the glass window before her. In the distance, the blinking lights of the ASA's space station could be seen, but much further beyond that, only darkness and the faint vibrance and luminescence of the neighbouring stars could be seen. A deep sigh exited her lips, and she squinted her eyes, her brows furrowing. The mug was raised once more, and it wasn't long before the rim met her lips, guiding the coffee info her mouth, the bitter taste of the unsweetened, straight black coffee costing her tongue. It was a taste she had gotten used to many, many years ago, and even though the bitterness was something that half her colleagues abhorred, she knew no different. 

*"Daydreaming again, commander?"* An older, raspy voice rang as it followed footsteps that led towards her direction. A warm smile appeared on her face as the rim of her mug left her lips once more, and turning around, she faced Harold Kreuzbauer, the veteran captain and commander that had boarded the Golden Bow together with her during the rescue mission of the Alessi Shuttles. **"More or less so.."** Maria smirked back, her mug now held in both her hands at her waist level, her shimmering but tired eyes meeting the worn-out ones of Harold. **"There's a crew member I haven't been able to get my mind off."**
Harold's eyes opened in surprise, but a faint smile appeared on his face. *"I noticed, I may have an idea as to who."*
**"Your gut feeling is probably right. It's Cisila I can't wrap my head around properly."** Maria concurred as her eyes averted to face the laminated floor beneath her feet. 
Harold raised an eyebrow, and noticing this, Maria continued to explain, a worried expression forming on her face. **"Decades ago, during one of the assassination attempts on my life, I was approach by two young people, about the same age as I was then, who held me at gunpoint. They claimed there was a bounty on my head they wanted to claim, but I talked things down, and instead discovered that they were looking for remnants of the old American Ultima project."**
Harold nodded, but struggled to connect what the story being told had to do with the fact that Cisila had been on Maria's mind all this time. 
**"I'm getting to that part.."** Maria smiled, her tired, green eyes looking into those of Harold. **"The person holding me at gunpoint was.. I think his name was Mika."** She sighed, envisioning the situation unfolding in her mind once more, quickly distorting into the more surrealistic vision she had a few days ago. **"The girl standing next to him, though, her name was "Gradient", and she looks identical to Cisila. Not in a way of being a cousin, or a mother-daughter way."** She sighed, facing the floor once more. **"It's a carbon copy of her. And I can't figure out why. The only logical explanation is that Cisila was cloned from Gradient, but by itself, that's illogical."**
Harold opened his mouth and raised his hand, intending to say something, but instead moved his hand to rest on his lips, pondering for another moment. 
*"SOLARdawn's done more odd things in the past.."* Harold muttered under his breath, his voice muffled by his hand against his mouth. *"But then again, I've only heard, I don't know the extents of Ultima and it's projects."*
**"Cloning with Ultima is outright impossible."** Maria interrupted Harold, firmly, but politely. **"Neither do I know the extents of Ultima, but if I had to listen to the voice in my head for once, creating a carbon copy isn't possible."** She paused for a moment, and moving a hand from her mug to her lips, she thought twice about her words. **"At least, not proven so.. but even then.."**

# Memory Shards - Polaris
A peek into **Polaris**'s daily life.
## DREAMSEEKER // VOYAGER
### CALL OF THE VOID - I
*// Emily Østengaard, soon after the completion of Project CORE, is now subject to Project POLARIS. A surgery would implant an unidentified Ultima Organ in her body, allowing her powers from beyond, a technology that hadn't been researched since the collapse of the US many decades ago. Where war had broken out over it on Earth, SOLARdawn's safe haven was believed to be the right place to resume this research.* \
*// The Ultima Organ was promptly rejected by Emily's body, and instead triggered the effect of another deeply rooted mystery that had been in her body since her birth. The Call of the Void, the source of her nightmares, and the reason her eyes allow her to illude and see the history and (perhaps future?) of every object is granted to her instead. "The Voyage commences", the voice continued to ring through her head. And she can only comply and be the subject to this otherworldly force.*

It had been one day since the life-changing surgery. **February 2067**, the calendar read. Nothing more. Shallow breaths reverberated off the walls and ceiling of the bedroom, belonging to the subject of the surgery herself. Her body was at ease, having been fast asleep for almost five hours straight. It helped her body recover, which was deeply necessary after the long surgery, especially helping her recover from the long period of applied anaesthetics. But while her body remained suppressed and numb during her sleep, her mind could not rest. \
Nightmares, haunting her once more. This was the second night in a row where vivid colours, abnormal, surrealistic, and inhuman shapes and forms that couldn't be explained wreaked havoc on her mind. Her eyes had been operated on, but nobody could have predicted what they would allow her to see. She envisioned herself in a grass field, one devoid of life, devoid of any man-made structures, barring a single, crippled tower in the far distance, far out of reach. It must have once stood up to 100 metres high, but now, it had crippled down at least twenty times that height. \
Her eyes closed for a moment, before reopening slowly. The horrors returned, the nightmare doubled down, no, increased tenfold. The tower reappeared before her, the grass that had been brown and dead from the very moment she first set foot on this field had been revived, restored to their ever-lively shade of green. The tower had risen back to its original height, and looking up, she could see the last piece of the puzzle be placed at the very top of the tower: A copper lightning rod, decorated in the peculiar shape of a hen, protecting the newly-finished tower from dangers from high above. \
She blinked, and the tower had fallen. A fire at the very top, screams and yelling finding their way to her sensitive ears from all directions. It was raining, thunderstorming, and the clap of lightning strikes in the open field was louder than anything she had ever heard before in her life. She closed her eyes once more in hopes it would suppress the noise, the loudness of the battle she had found herself in without consent, but they wouldn't vanish, they simply refused to vanish. The truth couldn't be hidden from her eyes, despite her desperate attempt to make it all stop; to make it all reach an end. \
She opened her eyes for a moment, but while the battle raged on, iridescent, pink swirls had risen from the ground, reaching into every direction. Akin to a horror movie, they sought out their targets, wrapping around them and constraining their breathing, killing every single warrior that stood on the field without a single sign of remorse or regret. She blinked again, and every time she did, the tower crippled further and further, until at the very last moment, she was back where she first saw the tower. 5 metres tall, crippled down to its very core, in an empty field. Devoid of life, devoid of sound, where not even the grass was green, nor where the wind could blow through her hair. 

She groaned in her sleep, and tossed herself to the other side, clinging tightly against her blanket while keeping her eyes shut tight. Half asleep, she refused to see this same nightmare unfold before her. She didn't know what caused these nightmares, nor could she figure out the meaning behind them. All that was in her might and reach, was the wish for them to cease.

### CALL OF THE VOID - II
*// The nightmares persist, to the frustration of Polaris. She is merely a subject to these nightmares, which persist through day and night. When awake, she is essentially forced to be blind. Looking at any item will trigger the nightmares, while looking at another person will force those upon them. Francis is stunned, while Nadia is understanding and attempts to help. But neither understand the true root of these powers, and ultimately, they might never.*

It had been three days since the life-changing surgery. *"This.."* The voice said gently, wrapping the bandage snugly around her head, covering her eyes. *"Should be enough.."* Seated attentively and without restraint, Polaris could only watch her vision disappear, covered up behind multiple layers of bandage and cloth. It would keep her from seeing these nightmares, or forcing them upon anyone else, whether purposefully or accidentally. **"Sorry, Nadia.."** She could only sigh, followed by a gentle tap against her shoulders from the person that had wrapped the bandage around her eyes just now. *"I'm not angry with you."* Nadia said, and Polaris could feel that a warm, genuine smile was on her face. *"I didn't know. And I'm sure you didn't know either. As unfortunate as it is.."* She continued, resting her hands gently yet firmly on Polaris's shoulders. *"We'll just have to figure out what's next."* \
Letting go of her shoulders, Nadia traced Polaris's left arm, quickly taking and holding it soon after, acting as her guide to walk around the campus now that Polaris was essentially rendered blind. Without fighting back against the idea, she could only stand up, wobbling on her feet now that she was visually impaired, struggling to get used to the idea and reality of moving without seeing, especially in an area she didn't know by heart. *"Slow steps, it's okay, I'm here.."* Nadia said, the warm smile on her face giving Polaris a genuine feeling of worry and care, which even given the circumstances, comforted her just enough to build up the confidence to walk forward, wherever she would be led towards.

*"Here we are."* Nadia said, and a familiar scent found their way into Polaris's nostrils. It was the scent and smell of her own bedroom, all the way at the very end of the Western Wing, where her office had been close to. It was seated just behind the Western library and its archive, which would be her usual workplace from now on. But that thought alone worried Polaris to her core. **"Nadia."** She began, her voice trembling slightly as she was seated down on her bedside, already beginning to sink into the bedsheets that decorated her mattress. **"How can I..? If I'm blind.."** \
*"We'll just have to figure that out."* Nadia replied, Polaris's worry mirrored in Nadia's voice, too. The two had been in contact ever since Francis and Emily had left Chicago and Earth to work permanently in the SOLARdawn Campus since its inception, and had become good acquaintances, to ultimately become good friends. Her care was genuine not just just because she was a medic, her care was genuine because her worries were genuine. *"What matters now, get some rest, and let your mind at ease. I'll discuss with Francis on what's next, I'm sure he can commission an eye mask that could suppress your eyes, but keep your eyesight to keep yourself and others safe."* Nadia said while gently laying Polaris down on her back, resting the back of her head into her pillow while making sure she wouldn't be pulling at her own hair when laying down. The bandage wrapped around her head over her eyes was an eyesore to look at, but it was a necessary evil. For her own safety, and for those around her. *"I'll leave you be for now, but when you wake up from more nightmares, please, reach out. I'll be there stat."* \
**"Mhm.."** Polaris mumbled back, sighing deeply, and only facing upright towards the ceiling. **"Thank you, Nadia.. I'll try to rest.."** Nadia smiled, and glancing at Polaris for just a moment, she soon turned around towards the door, quietly and carefully opening it and closing it behind her, locking it in place so none could disturb her recovery.

The cloth couldn't suppress the nightmares. \
Tossing herself around to sleep on her side, the same nightmares persisted. It was night four since the surgery, and the dreams and nightmares only grew more surreal with every single cycle. Where once sprouted pink veins from the grass, now disembodied wings were visible all around her. In the far background of a grass field, deep within the void she would suddenly find herself in without warning, to even in the corners of her eyes. She tried to close her eyes and prevent herself from seeing even in her nightmares, but the wings pried her eyes open each and every time. She was to be the victim to her own illusions, her own nightmares, the endless cycle of horror that her own mind was inflicting on her, whether she liked it or not. She tried to scream, but no sound could be heard. \
***"Voyager."*** A voice called from all directions, emitting a tone so high and sharp that her hands flung to her ears to cover them, fearing that her eardrums would shatter from the sharp noise. ***"Voyager."*** It repeated, and closing her eyes, she fell to the floor, her knees drowning within the odd, black surface or lack thereof beneath her. The black emptiness was decorated by the white wings that belonged to an angel, or must have belonged to one in the past. In this void, they were all dismembered, floating around aimlessly and endlessly in intricate, hypnotic patterns. They were all eyeing her, looking down at her as her entire self sank into the void. ***"The Door."*** The voice rang, and it began to get more muffled the further she sank towards the bottom of nothingness. Her eyes shot wide open, and turning around, she looked upwards towards what she thought would be the sky. One single spot of light was pulsing wildly above her, yet reaching out for her hand, the white wings took a hold of it and pushed it back down to her body. \
Her mind began to blur, the voice became more muffled the deeper she sank. A pink, luminescent glow filled the endless sky above her as wings in the corners of her eyes pulled her further down. ***"Voyager."*** The voice rang, fading further and further into the distance. ***"Uphold it."*** 

*//* 

*"I'll forward it to Francis."* Nadia smiled, tapping the pen against her notebook upon finishing writing down Polaris's attempt at describing the vivid, surrealistic nightmare. *"Having mentioned him, a team in the Northern Wing is currently working on a makeshift function that should hopefully suppress your eyes just a little bit. I know it won't be much, but.."* She sighed, looking up from her notebook to see Polaris's exhausted expression. Even if her eyes were covered up by a new cloth, the body language was enough to betray the way she was feeling. *"I know.. We'll try to figure it out as quick as we can, alright? I worry just as much as you.."*

### CALL OF THE VOID - III
*// "Voyage", "Voyage", "Lock, Door, Key", "Retrograde". The voice in her head continues to ring, but patterns begin to emerge. Connecting the dots, Polaris begins to understand what the voice is telling her, and begins to be able to converse with it. "The Voyage must be upheld", "The Voyage is inevitable", it begins to explain, but struggles to paint the picture in Polaris's mind. The nightmares begin to weaken and eventually drift away. Life begins to return to normal, and she begins to get a proper understanding of her eyes.*

It had been eleven days since her life-changing surgery. Life was beginning to return to normal for her, as far as the new "normal" allowed her. Disappointingly, the commissioned mask that Francis had ordered to make for Polaris did not help her retrieve her normal eyesight, and it essentially meant that she would remain vision impaired, and need continuous guidance. Her work as an archiver was held up by a mere few loose strings. Despite "Project POLARIS" having the intention to make her the "Pole Star", or "central overseer" of the experimental projects in the Western Wing and its surroundings, that now seemed like a goal long lost. How could someone possibly archive without being able to see what was being submitted? Enough systems to aid her existed, but it would hinder her more than it would benefit her. It seemed like a lost cause, a life wasted, for a project that seemed too ambitious after all.

*"I'll remove the cloth now, eyes closed?"* Nadia asked, having kneeled down before Polaris, who was seated attentively in a chair in the medical centre in the central spire of the campus. **"Mhm."** She simply replied, but the tone in her voice implied that she had gotten used to her new routines and her new life by now. After all, she didn't really have another choice but to get used to them. Opening her eyes would pose risks, not just to herself, but to her surroundings as well. The continuous appliances of cloth over her eyes wasn't a suggestion made by Nadia, or anyone else in the medical team. Polaris herself personally requested to have her eyes covered. \
*"It's got a little weight to it.."* Nadia continued, having put the bandage and cloth to a little side table to her left, and having taken a new pair of black glasses, a makeshift eye mask, she carefully put it on Polaris's face. The temples rested on her eyes, but the glasses themselves mostly pressed against her nose, serving as the only point of balance. *"Is this uncomfortable?"* She asked with a warm smile on her face, her fingers letting go of the mask, and stared attentively at Polaris's reaction. Carefully and slowly, she opened her eyes, but only faced blackness. She flinched for a moment, but returned to a calmer state of mind soon after. **"It's.. a little weighty."** She nodded, feeling the heaviness of the mask press against her nose every time she looked down. **"But the vision was short.. was this, locally produced? Or is it.."** \
*"Mhm! It's entirely artificial material, which means its lifespan was incredibly short before it was pressed into the mask. You've said before that some masks give you an infinitely long reminder of the history of the material, so our approach was to make a material that lived under a few hours to reduce that strain on you. I think we may have found a way for you to keep your eyes open, Polaris."* Nadia smiled warmly, her cheeks glowing as her expression grew more genuine with the second. \
**"This is.. so weird.."** Polaris mumbled, her fingers holding her mask in place while she looked around the medical centre. Ultimately, she couldn't see a thing except for blackness, but the feeling of having her eyes open for longer than ten seconds was something she had almost forgotten these past days. **"I.. see.. but.. don't..? I can't explain it otherwise.."** \
Nadia stood up and rolled the side table away, to then rest her hand on Polaris's shoulder, guiding her upwards. *"I'm at least happy we've found a solution. With this step done, we can continue onto the next in this project, Polaris."* Nadia smiled, taking Polaris's hand and slowly beginning to walk back towards her own dormitory in the Western Wing. With this mask now on her face, her eyes were kept safe from the continuous reminders and visions and nightmares that she endured.

But the main issue remained the nights. \
***"Voyage."*** The ever-similar voice repeated for the twelfth night in a row. ***"Retrograde."*** It said yet again. She found herself back in the similar void that she had been in every single night. It would only be a matter of moments before dismembered wings, blood-curling noises or eerie scratching, or the sharp noise of metal bending against its will would echo through the emptiness once more, reverberating off the thick liquid boundaries that she would soon sink into. She looked around her, and tried to find out anything that might look out of the ordinary. After all, if this was simply a dream, perhaps she would be able to find a way to turn it into one that was lucid. Taking a deep breath, she pulled her feet out from the blackened, molten floor, and began to step forward. A strange glow began to appear in the far distance, but if it was a dream, she wouldn't have an issue with walking towards it. ***"The Lock."*** The voice said, but unlike the previous words, this was one it had never said before, which made Polaris stand still in her tracks for another moment. To her surprise, she no longer sank away into the floor. It seemed that walking was actually beginning to explain the mystery further. ***"The Door."*** It said, and opening mouth, Polaris felt her vocal chords tremble. She tried to speak and reach out, to get the voice to speak to her directly, but despite feeling so close, no sound would exit her lips, except for a defeated sigh. Her eyes averted back towards the molten floor. It didn't have a reflection, despite it being a strange liquid. Was there even light in this void except for the one she was walking towards? ***"The Key."*** The voice said, and standing still in her tracks, Polaris's vocal cords finally managed to produce sound. **"Key."** She replied, her throat constricted, her voice suppressed as soon as the word left her lips. \
The void shifted. The strange light was now approaching her rapidly, and squinting her eyes, the blackness of the void she was walking in was almost immediately exchanged with a white, bright void. ***"Voyager."*** The voice spoke. The stress on Polaris's body was greatly reduced now that she was standing in the whiteness of it all rather than the blackness, and moving her hands to her throat, she no longer felt like it was held tightly, nor that it was being constructed. **"Voyager.."** She replied, her eyes looking into every direction, trying to make sense of the sudden change of scenery. "Voyager." This wasn't the first time it had been said to her, but only now did the void around her allow her to properly put it to her mind. A voyage? **"To where..?"** \
***"Beyond the Compass."*** The voice replied. Longer sentences were beginning to be formulated by it, but only did it leave her more confused. Voyager, Compass, Retrograde, the Lock, Door, and Key. All of these terms must be related to one another, but to Polaris, no correlation could be found. **"The Key?"** She asked, checking the boxes in her mind one by one, trying to demand or receive an answer to her ever-growing list of questions in her head. Even if it was night twelve of these mysterious dreams, it was no longer a nightmare that she was going through. In fact, this was the first time that she was directly talking to this strange voice, no matter where it was coming from. Even if it was all fabricated in her head, at least she wanted to see where it would bring her. ***"Hasty."*** The voice simply said. ***"The Voyage is inevitable."*** \
Polaris sighed. Taking a look around her, the whiteness of the infinity around her was beginning to distort. If it meant anything to her, it's that it would soon shatter, and in one way or another, it would force her out of this dream through means yet unknown. She wouldn't be buried by the molten floor here, she wouldn't be drowned in the feathers of a million wings, because the void she was in didn't match her previous experiences. Her stomach turned. How *would* she die? \
***"The Voyage."*** The voice said, and in shock and surprise, Polaris heard the voice from a single direction rather than all around her. She immediately turned around to her left, facing the source of the voice, but finding none. ***"Uphold it."*** 

The dream shattered, the impossible whiteness of the void fell apart, and the sound of clattering and scratching glass echoed into infinity. Her hands flung to her ears to cover them, her body soon collapsing to the floor to protect herself from the imminent and infinite amount of glass that would soon collapse on her and bury her alive. She closed her eyes, awaiting the inevitable, but instead of feeling the force of a thousand glass shards pierce through her back, she felt nothing at all. In surprise, she quickly reopened her eyes and found herself in an iridescent box. The glass hadn't shattered, nor had it collapsed on top of her. The scratching and clattering noise was the glass reshaping itself into an almost impossible shape. Glass spirals, glass shards and spikes were spread all the way into the far distance, reflecting the dim light and emitting an iridescent, rainbow colour along its path. It looked almost impossibly real. Dumbfounded, she stood back up on her feet, and looking at her feet to make sure she was still physically intact, she was met with two pairs of wings wrapped around her body. A small hint of red could be seen seeping between its delicate feathers. They were bleeding. In worry, she pressed gently against the wing on her lower left, her hand sinking into its feathers, soon coated by the almost endless stream of blood that was seeping out of the feathers. The touch of the wing felt authentic and real, and almost *eerily* realistic. Her eyes opened wide. It suddenly made sense to her, and looking back down at her feet, they were soaked in that same deep crimson red. Her eyes drifted back and forth between her wings and her feet, and soon, her chest and arms followed. Glass shards were pierced cleanly through through her skin. Deep, crimson liquid coated the sharp edged of the shards, seeping down to the floor to join the increasing amount of blood that was forming in a puddle beneath her feet. Her senses were numbed not because she was unharmed from the glass. She had no senses left. She was fracture, through and through, and while her wings attempted to protect her, it was not enough. Blood crept from her lips, and her eyes dwindled, followed by her balance and her senses altogether. Pierced through the heart by millions of shards of glass, this was how she would die.

*//*

She sat with her legs over the edge of her beg, her heels pressed tight against the bedframe. A simple notebook was in her lap, and for a moment, no sound but the gentle scratching of a pencil on paper echoed through the small room. A soft sigh exited her lips as she reached the bottom of the paper, and putting the pencil to her side, she soon tossed the notebook next to it, too. Next to a rundown of the nightmare she had experienced, the words *"Retrograde", "Lock, Door, Key"*, and *"Compass"* were especially highlighted. Pinching the bridge of her nose, she sighed more deeply this time, and promptly leaned backwards into the bedsheets behind her, closing her eyes once more. Over the past few days, no nightmares had been triggered throughout the day since she received the mask from Francis's division a few days ago, and when alone, she'd keep the mask away to learn to find a proper balance between her natural eyesight, and the strange, surreal shapes and nightmares forming when looking at an object for too long. Even if successful, a mirror was out of the question for now. She was still feeling physically unwell. Even if the nightmare she had just written down was nothing more than just that, the eerie sensation of a totally numbed-down body continued to send shivers through her spine each and every time it crossed her mind. The glass found its way through her legs again in her head, but shaking the hair out of her face, it was quick to vanish again. Leaning up once more, she looked to her right, facing the highlighted words on the paper again as she put her mind to it, sighing softly. **"A voyage, huh.."** She mumbled to herself, the puzzle forming in her mind, but the solution never appearing. **"..where to..?"**

### CALL OF THE VOID - IV
*// "Retrograde", it now makes sense to her. Having faced a mirror, she opened her eyes, and successfully suppressed her newfound power from imposing illusions and nightmares upon herself. It has been at least two weeks, up to a month, since she first experienced these nightmares following her surgery. But now, she has conquered them, and has brought them to an end. Her right eye is a still, almost milky white, and it pulses vibrantly when she accesses its power. Looking in the mirror, she is able to see her own history. The revolution in Oslo, the outbreak of war in Chicago, and the fall of Palmer-Eden soon after the opening of SOLARdawn in Amadnésam. Finally, she remembered her past, but now, her powerful eyes are forced to set to the future.*

It had been fifteen days since her life-changing surgery. With eyes closed, Polaris sat opposite of Nadia, in the comfort of her own room, one that was set on becoming her office in the near future. The air was warm, reflecting the orange decoration that was present through the entire office room, and while there were no windows in a room at the very centre of the hallway in the Western Wing, there were still enough light sources that illuminated the tidy office. A deep sigh exited Polaris's lips, her hands curled up into fists, holding tightly onto her dress. **"Are you.. 100% sure?"** She asked quietly, her face pointed downwards to the floor. Despite the warm appearance of her office room, a feeling of coldness and uncertainty was creeping in through the gaps, sending shivers through her spine. *"I'm absolutely sure, Polaris."* Nadia answered back firmly, a wide smile brightening up her face as she leaned forward to rest her own hands atop of Polaris's. *"I know what happens when it goes awry, but that's fine, we've dealt with it before. But now that you're learning to see without seeing or inflicting nightmares, this is a milestone for you to take. It's new to you, it's new to me, let's handle it as research, alright?"* \
Polaris sighed quietly, and with her head still facing down to the floor, she struggled to build up the confidence she needed. Despite the warmth of Nadia's hands on her own, a blockade in her head was preventing her from making any actions. Out of fear for Nadia, out of fear for herself. Feeling one hand leave her fist, it soon moved gently to her chin, pushing it upwards and making her head face forward. Despite the fear for Nadia, there was not an ounce of fear within Nadia herself, as she whispered quietly. *"Polaris, open your eyes."* \
Inhaling deeply through her nose, Polaris's breaths cycled, her body easing itself up as she let go of the tight grip on her dress. Nadia's hand was still pushing her chin upwards, making her look straight ahead, into the direction that Nadia was seated. Exhaling once more through her nose, her eyes slowly opened, revealing the heterochromic pink and white irises that had been hidden behind her eyelids, accentuated by her long brows. Her heart was pounding furiously in her chest, and as her eyes adjusted to the warm lighting in the room, it wasn't long before the two made eye contact. While those of Polaris's were dull, Nadia's own were shimmering as they finally got to see the pair of eyes of Polaris herself. Her smile grew wider by the second, in awe, in admiration, and in sheer happiness that in just over two weeks, such incredible progress had been made in her rehabilitation process, her recovery, but most importantly, her journey to return to "normal." **"A-are you..?"** Polaris stumbled over her words, surprised yet worried that she wasn't seeing any reaction from Nadia, her medical supervisor, who continued to stare deeply into Polaris's eyes. *"I'm seeing nothing but your beautiful eyes, Polaris."* She smiled back warmly, her cheeks blushing slightly and her smile widening the longer she looked into the pair of unique, colourful eyes that belonged to Polaris before her. *"Do you feel any strain?"* \
Polaris nodded slowly, averting her eyes to look to the door right behind Nadia, seeing the slight amount of light from the illuminated hallway seep into the office room through the cracks at the bottom and the top. **"A little.."** She smiled quietly, and before her mind could even think of it, Nadia had already moved her hand from her chin to before her eyes, covering them up and gesturing to Polaris to close them. *"Then we're already done for today, you've done incredible, you're making so much progress."* Exhaling deeply, Polaris closed her eyes now hidden behind Nadia's hand, and gently grabbing it, she smiled as she helped Nadia lower it once more. **"Slow steps.. isn't it?"** She smiled, her closed eyes looking into no particular direction now that her eyesight had disappeared once more, but before she could stand up, Nadia had already taken her hand, and guided her upwards towards the door to her dormitory next to the office. *"Slow steps, but giant leaps. And just now, you've made an enormous leap forward."* 

With her right eye open, she read through the folded letter that was held in her hands. Her legs were hanging off the edge of her bed once more, and it wasn't long before she realised that the letter she was holding was merely a report of Nadia's check-up from earlier on that day. *"Subject may be gaining control, or may be losing power, over their enhanced eyesight."* Stood at the very bottom of the letter, but right above Nadia's signature. Polaris gulped, and she felt a knot grow in her stomach. "Losing power" felt like an oddly specific, and oddly concerning choice of words. She had looked at Nadia without problem, and she didn't feel that same, odd feeling that she used to have whenever the nightmares would trigger when she looked at something. But the voice in her dreams was telling her otherwise. She was getting further. The Door, the Lock, the Voyage, just what did it all mean?

The fifteenth night was the first to break the common cycle. \
***"Voyager."*** The voice spoke, but this time around, it came from a single direction right at the very start of the dream. To her surprise, neither was she in the same black void that she would always find herself in at the start of a nightmare. Right away, she faced a door, which could only mean one thing to her as her eyes fixated onto them. **"The.. Door..?"** She asked quietly, her hands resting idly at her waist while the white void surrounding her began to swirl in almost randomised patterns. At her feet, the whiteness began to crystallise, forming a a tiled pathway that led to the same door she had been staring at for what already felt like an eternity. If anything, this dream was waiting for her to walk forward towards it, and without much more thought, she began to step forward, towards this strange, alluring "Door". ***"The Door."*** The voice echoes, but her goal could no longer be changed. Whatever was at this door, whatever stood or awaited her behind this door, she was set to find it out. To turn the handle and push it forward. After all these days, this dream could very well be the last one that would answer the question that had cycled through her head ever since she woke up after that life-changing surgery. Just what *is* this all? \
She reached the door, but there was no knob or handle to be found at the sides of the door. In the middle of the white void, at the end of the crystallised pathway, stood nothing but a door without a handle to open it. ***"The Lock."*** The voice spoke, and in the bottom edges of the door, the wood began to chip away, as if the crystallised pathway was assimilating its frame. It crept upwards, and in surprise, Polaris moved her hand away from the door once more to simply look and assess just what was happening. It wasn't just glass that was spreading and melting upwards on the door, it was beginning to create a reflection. She could see her feet at the bottom, and soon, her legs would appear in the reflection, her waist, before ultimately facing herself in the mirror as the last corners of the door were replaced by the reflective glass. But instead, it was just her silhouette. ***"The Lock."*** The voice repeated, and the white void surrounding the glass mirror now shrank to create a small, white bubble, shrinking smaller and smaller, until it was nothing but the void, the mirror, and the silhouette of her reflection within it. Cracks formed in the corners of the mirror, and reaching her hand out, she tried to touch the blackened-out reflection of herself in the mirror, hesitant at first. ***"Voyager."*** The voice rang, the void shrinking more the further her hand reached. The cracks found their way to the centre of the mirror, almost stopping perfectly at the point that Polaris tried to reach out through. The voice echoed in her mind, reaching closer and closer to her thoughts before the tips of her finger touched the glass mirror, creating a new crack, followed by the white void surrounding her cracking just like it did the night before. ***"Seek within."*** 

*//*

*// Day sixteen. Polaris listens to the voice, and in the morning, she build up the confidence once more to open her eyes and now face herself in the mirror. Before her head begins to sting, she can clearly see her right eye, pulsating and flashing in a milky white colour, before an endless tunnel forms and leaps her forwards. Or is it backwards? Scenes of Norway reappear before her, the snowy streets just outside NORCE give her an impression of her past. The murky and fiery smell of riots are picked up in just a matter of milliseconds, followed by openness of the halls of PALMER-EDEN in Chicago. Francis, a younger version of himself, appears and stands before her with the first prototype of Project CORE, EX_C. The dust seeps in beneath their feet, and while loud bangs can be heard in the distance, the brimstone, fiery smell returns. Once more, war breaks out, and in a flash, the tunnel ends and she sees her own reflection in the mirror once more. A name never becomes clear, but a memory of her past self does. Was this what her eye was doing all this time? And now that she has seen her past, does it mean that she has attained control over the Retrogade?*

### CALL OF THE VOID - V
*// "Illusory", it's become clear to her. The six wings sprouting from the back of her head are simply put a "signal booster" for her left eye. Facing a mirror, she opens only her left eye, which glows with an iridescent pink colour. In just a matter of seconds, the wings begin to appear in the corners of the mirror before her, hugging its frame, shattering it moments after, before it falls to the floor. The vision shatters soon after, and she finds herself staring at her own reflection with eyes closed. A faint smile appears on her face. She conquered her nightmares, and can now impose them whenever she deems necessary. "The beast has been tamed."*

### DREAMSEEKER - I
*// "The Voyage must be upheld" rings through ears, her wings open wide, facing the direction the voice had come from. It didn't belong to the mysterious voice from weeks ago, but while it sounded similar, it now belonged to a face and a body. "Our angel has awoken" they spoke. Finding herself in an endless void, she could only imagine that it was herself that was being addressed. A silhouette revealed themselves in the far edge of the void, but no face made itself clear. It was nothing but a void within a void that spoke to her. "Polaris." They spoke. "Yes." She replied. "You are not alone. Seek into the cosmos, and the Dreamseeker will reveal themselves to you." Polaris nodded. "You have the Key. Find the Lock. Open the Door." They spoke, and immediately after, the silhouette evaporated. Polaris nodded. Her goal was set. She wasn't alone.*
