# Moonlight Industries
This is currently in a drafted stage, much is subject to change.
### Rough outline
- Managed/overseen by **Petra Masepta** in **Ljívk**
- Branched from **Carbine** in **2085**, citing a "difference in interests". Even so, they had a say in the construction of the Alessi Shuttles, as well as being allowed onto the **ARC** to conduct research there.
- **Petra** is acquaintances with **Maria**, which is why the two have a relationship or connection. However, this relationship is rather tense, especially after Petra's departure from Carbine seems to be sparked from Maria's return to Carbine in **2084**. 
- Moonlight, specifically the **Moondial**, is active around the unnamed planet **Cintura-O2**, a seemingly unexplored ocean planet. Before/After [[Routine Maintenance - ARC ver.]] reaches its end or begins, Petra will reach out to Maria about findings on said planet in **2096**. It seems she's intending to mend the burnt bridges, citing findings that might change their approach to discovering the remaining mysteries of the known universe. 
- This includes the line: **"The Moondial requires your attention, Maria."**. It's not yet clear who will say this line, whether it's Petra herself (From Ljívk or the ocean planet itself) or a messenger delivering the message towards Maria (Who is either on the **ARC** or in **Cintura** at that moment.)
- The sister branch **Lightcone** reports that **Thomas Vanhuyt** has parted ways with them in his return to the **ESA**. Is there a connection between the Loop engines on the Alessi Shuttles and the Lightcone projects? It may seem that the **330: Topaz Spear** might be related to the next stage of this project, and that the malfunctioning of the Loop engines that led them to Cintura led to him changing his mind.
- Since **2090**, Moondial specifically has been keeping its focus on the solar system **Cintura**. Petra is fully aware of the naming convention that this solar system utilises, which further ties her together with Petra as work partners, even despite no longer sharing the same institutes. in **2093**, using the last of its kind **C12 Panjit Warp**, a Moondial ship made its way to **Cintura-O2**, also named **Oceana** by Maria since **2079** (The same year the name Cintura was adopted), and built both an *orbiting* research station **Oceana-1** and a *floating* research station on the surface of the planet, **Pond-1**.
- 
