# Moonlight Institute
This is currently in a drafted stage, much is subject to change.
### Rough outline
- Managed/overseen by **Petra Vilassa** in **Ljivk**.
- Branched from **Carbine** in **2085**, citing a "difference in interests". Even so, they had a say in the construction of the Alessi Shuttles, as well as being allowed onto the **ARC** to conduct research there.
- **Petra** is acquaintances with **Maria**, which is why the two have a relationship or connection. However, this relationship is rather tense, especially after Petra's departure from Carbine seems to be sparked from Maria's return to Carbine in **2083**. 
- Moonlight, specifically the **Moondial**, is active around the planet **Cintura-O2**, a seemingly unexplored ocean planet. Before/After [[Routine Maintenance - ARC ver.]] reaches its end or begins, Petra will reach out to Maria about findings on said planet in **2096**. It seems she's intending to mend the burnt bridges, citing findings that might change their approach to discovering the remaining mysteries of the known universe. 
- This includes the line: **"The Moondial requires your attention, Maria."**. It's not yet clear who will say this line, whether it's Petra herself (From Ljivk or the ocean planet itself) or a messenger delivering the message towards Maria (Who is either on the **ARC** or in **Cintura** at that moment).
- The sister branch **Lightcone** reports that **Thomas Vanhuyt** has parted ways with them in his return to the **ESA** in **2096**. Is there a connection between the Loop engines on the Alessi Shuttles and the Lightcone projects? It may seem that the **330: Topaz Spear** might be related to the next stage of this project, and that the malfunctioning of the Loop engines that led the Shuttles to Cintura caused him to change his mind.
- Since **2090**, Moondial specifically has been keeping its focus on the solar system **Cintura**. Petra is fully aware of the naming convention that this solar system utilises, which further ties her together with Petra as work partners, even despite no longer sharing the same institutes. In **2094**, using the last of its kind **C12 Panjit Warp**, a Moondial ship made its way to **Cintura-O2**, also named **Oceana** by Maria since **2079** (The same year the name Cintura was adopted), and built both an *orbiting* research station **Oceana-1** and a *floating* research station on the surface of the planet, **Pond-1**.
- Maria's naming convention for the **Cintura** system has been adopted in **2079**, almost four years after she had made her return to **Carbine**'s division within **Hammerhead Shánzhe**. The system contains two barren rock planets, two ocean planets, and three gas giants, striking resemblances to the **Choreos** system. 
- **Starlight** announces a plan to fully mine a rock planet to harvest the resources needed to construct a fully functional Dyson Sphere. The issue is, however, where and when will this happen? **Sol** would require the planet **Mercury** to be offered, **Choreos** would require **Valkíria**, and **Cintura** would require **Prosima**. What is the most achievable, and what is the most realistic? 

### Disparities with Carbine
**Moonlight**, and its subsidiaries, split off from **Carbine** in **2085**, citing disparity with **Maria**'s own beliefs and the direction she desired to bring the institute towards. While Maria wanted to avoid using experimental technologies much sooner than they were ready, Moonlight's **Petra** disagreed, and claimed it was only holding them back from properly advancing. Additionally, there are disparities in:
- Maria hates the usage of the name "**Starlight**" for the ongoing Dyson Sphere project, claiming it misuses the idea behind starlight as a whole, and only uses it to generate unlimited power. Here, too, Maria believes that **Moonlight** is far too ambitious in their search for technological advancements. While **Carbine**'s team struggled to get proper control over *nuclear fusion* in **2073**, it's had a steady hand in attempting the same goal since the Pahlatlán research center reopened in **2080**, and has continue to develop the technologies used in nuclear fusion ever since. Maria believes that constructing a Dyson Sphere is far beyond the current scope of humanity.