# Routine Maintenance - ARC ver.
Directly parallels "ROUTINE MAINTENANCE" by Evie, which is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/eviedense/CI.SI/blob/main/EXTRA/LUNIKS%20COORDINATION/ROUTINE%20MAINTENANCE.md). \
While Routine Maintenance focuses exclusively on the **Alessi Shuttle** ships, the **Platinum Halberd** and **Silver Pike**, the **ARC ver.** of the same story will focus on the developments that take place on the ARC as the two ships vanish off the radar and detection systems. 
# November 2024 note
Following a change in plot in the **Halberd ver.** of the story, all chapters that have been written as of now are **subject to change**, and will need to be revised to adhere to this new plot. 
## Synopsis
The **Silver Pike** and **Platinum Halberd** (Also known as the **Alessi Shuttles**), sharing a blueprint and having been launched in **2092** and **2093**, respectively, are most known for their research and projects that they have conducted in the **Alessi Belt**. Both of these ships have been equipped with top-of-the-line equipment that is deemed vital for the research they're conducting, and answering the decade-old question of: *"Is it viable for humanity to utilise the nearest gas planet to terraform the nearest rock planet?"* This question is both present in the Solar and Choreos systems, where Mars and Dvóniks are both hot topics of the next era in humanity's journey for settling the stars, but with their cold, barren nature, it would almost seem impossible to create a long-lasting settlement on either of these planets.

The **Alessi Shuttles** swing between Dvóniks and Lóivonus over the span of 90 days, researching and harvesting energy from Lóivonus and bringing it towards Dvóniks to determine in what ways said energy could be utilised. After completing their loop, they temporarily return to Lúniks by either docking to the **ARC** or landing in **Némiskéi** to submit their data, switch crews if needed, and to restock on necessities, before they would continue on another loop between the two planets. 

In **2096**, not too long after the **ARC** had been activated, the **Silver Pike** vanished off the radars in **June** after having spent three days in orbit of Lóivonus. Keeping their composure and embarking on the hunt to figure out what had happened to the first **Alessi** ship, the **Platinum Halberd** would not receive any information regarding the fate of the **Silver Pike** after docking at the **ARC** in late July. Everyone in Carbine worked overtime to figure out what was going on with the strange disappearance of the ship, but an unbeknownst Halberd would continue onto their 4th loop towards Lóivonus, where it would meet the same fate as the Pike, and disappear off the radars.

## 1 - Closing the loop
### Synopsis (Due rewrite)
*// The **Silver Pike** docks with the **ARC** for the second time, completing their third loop through the **Alessi Belt**. Their findings are sent towards Némiskéi, the stocks are refilled, and the crew embarks on their next journey.*

### Routine Maintenance
**"327. Cleared to dock. You may connect to Terminal E. Silver Pike, welcome home."** A gentle voice spoke into the microphone before him. A quiet static found its way through the emptiness of the space that separated the inbound ship and the headphones of the signaller, before a voice became clear through the static. *"Silver Pike, 327. Affirmative. Docking at Terminal E."* \
A little under a minute afterwards, a quiet and feint *thunk* pressed against the northern bridge of the enormous space station that set Carbine's new image in stone. The **Silver Pike** had just returned from its third iteration of the mission it had been assigned soon after it was launched into space for a first time. It was destined to shuttle through the **Alessi Belt**, travelling to Lóivonus to harvest energy and monitor the existing satellites that were orbiting the gas planet, and then using its gravitational swing to launch itself towards the barren planet of Dvóniks. It would orbit the empty planet for a few days, utilising the energy harvested from Lóivonus to make magic work, and try different ways to make Dvóniks a suitable planet for the next settlement project for humanity.

Before long, most of the crew aboard had made its way onto the ARC, where they would spend the rest of the day to take it easy now that their third mission was complete. The ARC was lively, and frequent shuttles would carry the goods that would eventually make their way onto ships like the Silver Pike to ready them before embarking on their next mission, all while intensive research takes place on the ARC itself as well. 

The control room of the ARC, the **Bridge**, was where all the magic happened. All hands were on deck, and much like the name suggests, everything was well under their control, maintaining all the systems present on the ARC, but also serving as a beacon for the various spaceships that were present in the Choreos system. Even the **150**, the **Jade Dagger**, still kept in touch frequently all the way from the 7th planet, **Márivonus**. But spaceship contact aside, the Bridge also had its eyes on all of the research taking place, keeping an almost never-ending log of changes and notes that were submitted from the various hubs spread throughout the wings of the ARC. But the one person to lead them all, was no other than the designer of the space station herself, **Maria Limáida**.

*"Been a while, Maria!"* Solen, the captain of the Silver Pike, cheerfully said as he walked through the doors of the Bridge, waving at Maria's back, who seemed to be zoned out gazing at the stars. In his hand, he carried a heavy box that stored all the data they had acquired over the past three months during their swing through the Alessi Belt, and holding his other hand out he shook hands with the woman he had called out for. *"It's becoming a routine.. Dvóniks doesn't seem to take too much interest in us."* He sighed deeply, Maria's neutral expression remaining unchanged. With the box placed on the board behind them, the rest of the crew on the Bridge takes care of it and begins to extract the data while Maria escorts the captain towards the nearby café in the eastern wing to catch up.

After whirring for a few seconds, the machine beeped twice and returned to its idle state, indicating that Maria's coffee was ready. With a soft sigh, she took her mug back from under the espresso machine and promptly walked towards Solen, who had already sat down at a table for two in one of the ARC's café's. Drowsily, with exhaustion radiating from her face, she took a sip from her mug, seemingly unbothered by the immense heat of the freshly pulled coffee, leaving Solen staring at the ARC's professor-in-charge in disbelief. *"Surely you're not burning your tongue?"* He asked worriedly, leaving Maria glancing back into his eyes annoyed. **"I've been through worse."** She sighed, placing her mug back on the coaster on the table. Taking her notebook from the inside pocket of her faded-yellow lab coat, she immediately flung it open to her most recent page, revealing a series of notes and suggestions that might be beneficial to the Pike's fourth iteration through the Alessi Belt. 

Time seemed to pass in a flash, and going through Maria's notes together, Solen and her seemed to reach an agreement and worked out a proper plan on how to make the fourth pass through the Alessi Belt a success. The past three iterations had been lacklustre, and even with the genius of Maria as the leading command from Control outward, it seemed like the planets they were desperately trying to target refused to work along. *"In a nutshell, we're carrying more fuel to speed up the sling towards Dvóniks, so our harvested energy doesn't expire too quickly?"* Solen thought out loud, going through his own notebook as well as the view of the planet in the distance began to turn dark. They were currently floating above Eastern Kérisant, and the sun was beginning to set there. Maria nodded, stretching her arms and putting her lab coat back on. It'd been four hours already, time really had flown by, and it would only be a matter of hours before Solen would already embark on the next iteration of the mission with the Silver Pike. **"We'll keep in touch."** Maria smiled back, shaking the hand of the young commander. **"I'll be there to monitor the departure tomorrow, take a well-deserved rest first now, Solen."** Letting go of Maria's hand, Solen waved her goodbye, making his way to his temporary quarters where the rest of his crew stayed for the night as well. *"Then, see you tomorrow!"* 

## 2 - Light's out
### Synopsis
The **Silver Pike** reports a strange incident regarding its engines: Debris from an asteroid appears to have damaged the fuel system, rendering all four engines virtually useless. Deflated, Thomas makes his exit from the bridge after hearing the news, but is confronted by Maria, who tries her best to get him back in better spirits. Instead, Thomas doubles down on his defeat, and informs Maria that something strange is interfering with the engines, something that is out of their control. Taking no risks, Maria sprints to alarm the Pike and have it return to Lumen as a precaution, but as the ship tries to make the jump, an asteroid crashes through the B-Deck the Loop engine instead sends them to **Cintura system** after the failsafe protocol enables, leaving the ship floating in empty space.
### Hope gained, hope lost
*"327, report to Control, please. Requesting a status update on your aforementioned engine mishaps."* \
A quiet static followed, after which the response of the caption of the **Silver Pike** reached the **ARC**. *"Engines one through four, unchanged. Felipe is doing physical checks now. We believe it's asteroid debris."* Was Captain Solen's reply. Having been in charge since the launch of the Pike, his experience that he acquired on other ships allowed him to keep his cool in dire situations like these. Another static came through, followed by Solen's voice once more. *"327 is taking a fourth day in orbit. Swing postponed until further notice. We'll keep you posted on our engines."* \
The comms were cut, a static was followed by a silence, only to be broken by the deep sigh of Thomas, who was overseeing the communication between the Pike and the ARC. He shook his head, and promptly turned around towards the exit of the bridge. 

**"Head down, hopeless expression?"** A voice smirked at the top of the stairwell that Thomas was walking towards, as he turns his head back up in surprise. **"I don't think I've ever seen you lose hope this quickly, Thomas. Especially not on the embodiment of our blood, sweat, and tears right here."** \
Thomas recognised the voice without a single doubt, it belonged to Maria. *"Maria.."* He began, sighing deeply once more. *"It's.. you know the exact ins and outs of the engines I developed for the Alessi Shuttle blueprints, do you not?"* \
Maria's expression turned from a frown to a more confused look, not understanding what her long-term colleague was trying to get at. Thomas stood still in his tracks, crossing his arms, and his head looked at the bright, white floor panels below him as he continued. *"All four engines can't disable at once. In the worst case, it would cycle through each engine to determine which engine failed, place that engine in hibernation while the crew works on a fix, and if no fix can be made, the mission is aborted and the ship returns to Némiskéi under reduced power."* \
Maria's eyes opened wide, her ears perking up in surprise and in disbelief. **"That means.-"** \
Thomas interrupted her, his eyes now looking directly into those of Maria. *"This isn't my doing. Something is interfering with the engines, that is out of our control."* \
Without a second thought, Maria ran towards the control deck at the windows of the bridge, reaching for nearest commander's headset, immediately redirecting the signal to the **327**. She felt in her guts that something terrible was about to happen, and despite not having any facts to back it up, the fact that Thomas's concerns about the engines were out of his doing, he himself believed that after their fourth day in orbit, the crew would realise the engines wouldn't return and the ship would be tugged back to Lúniks with help from the **Platinum Halberd**, or jump closer towards its home. But Maria knew that Thomas was lenient with situations like these, and she herself couldn't deal with such a high risk floating around while powerless. With the headset put on, she clenched her fist as the static echoed through her head. The mixture of radio silence made her feel she was too late, but in a matter of seconds, the static ended and the familiar voice of Captain Solen returned. *"327, reporting in. Status unchanged."* \
Maria took a deep breath, doing her best to keep her mind at ease, as she began to explain the situation to the captain of the powerless Pike. **"Solen, it's Maria. Thomas just explained to me that all four engines can't fail at once, and it will try to cycle through each engine time and time again to provide power and thrust at any cost. Have you had any power surges and losses since entering orbit?"** \
The Pike remained silent momentarily, only the flipping through pages and clicking of buttons could be heard, but after a moment, Solen replied. *"It's, mostly been flatlined since entering orbit. Felipe mentioned asteroid debris in Engine two, it seems it may have damaged the fuel system altogether. He returned on board a moment ago, I'll ask him shortly."* \
Maria sighed deeply, understanding Solen's explanation and lack of panic, but the feeling in her gut refused to dissipate. **"Solen, the ARC commands. Enable the Loop engine and return to Lumen."** She began, her voice shaking as she looked at the emptiness of the space before her through the windows of the bridge. Lúniks's moon could be seen in the corner of her left eye, the faint glow of the moon base acting as a beacon for other spaceships. **"The risk is too great..- I don't want you taking it."** \
The clicking of buttons could be heard, followed by a distant, static buzzing. *"Copy, Maria. 327 engaged Loop engine. Course set to Lu-"* 

The signal was cut short, and before an infinite amount of static, a loud and violent bang could be heard. Maria froze in place as the sound of scraping and collapsing metal echoed through her head, followed by various alarms going off in the bridge of the Pike. The buzzing noise of the Loop engine engaging remained active, and seemed to only go up in pitch and volume. With her hand pressing against the right earcup of the headset, the buzzing cut out spontaneously and the contact between the ARC and the Silver Pike was broken. 

Maria took off the headset, and her eyes kept focusing on a feint star in the far distance, all while the rest of the staff at the bridge triggered their own alarms and began to scramble for answers on why the Silver Pike had just vanished off the radars. The doors of the bridge behind her closed, Thomas had taken his leave from the bridge, and Maria continued to stare deeply at the same star for minutes on end. Her heart was pounding in her chest, and she whispered to herself the name of the star.

**"Cintura"**
### Addendum
The **Loop engine** activated, but had changed courses as Thomas's designed failsafe activated. Both the ships were equipped with the first generation Loop engines, which would work in a more efficient manner than the previous engines that he designed, and would last much further into the future without needing frequent maintenance. The course was originally set to **Lumen**, Lúniks's moon, but the failsafe caused the ship to jump to **Cintura**, the poorly-explored solar system that is three lightyears away from Lúniks. Thomas discovered that it was astronomically quiet there, which meant it would be a safe haven for ships in distress to depart towards in case of a fatal accident, in which they can stay there while help is on its way.

Only Maria and Thomas are aware of this, because the project was not supposed to be activated yet. Once the Loop engine activated, but no ship appeared near Lumen, Maria immediately know where the ship had instead sent itself towards after getting fatally hit by the asteroid. With Thomas taking his leave to return to the drawing board in shock, Maria decides to keep this information for herself for the time being, the gut feeling having changed from hopelessness for the survivors of the Pike, into confidence that the self-sufficient systems would keep the ship running before she could send the **Golden Bow** to rescue it. However, this meant that the **Platinum Halberd**, the Pike's sister ship, would not receive the information about the asteroid activity near Lóivonus, and embark on her next mission unbeknownst to what they would face there.

## 3 - Light's out II 
### Synopsis
After the **Silver Pike**'s fateful collision with an asteroid in Lóivonus, the **Platinum Halberd** docks with the **ARC**. This gives a brief introduction to the crew and cast of the Halberd, giving it a tighter connection with the **Halberd ver.** of the story. After their planned docking for a day, the ship departs once more and follows the route of the Pike, which vanished off the radars a day before the Halberd had departed. While the **ARC** investigates the mysterious disappearance of the Pike, the Halberd remains unknowing about the fate of the Pike, and soon enough, a strange asteroid similar to the one that struck the Pike, is found in one of her starboard engines, ultimately causing the Loop engine to activate as an emergency, sending the ship off the radars as well and leading it towards the remnants of the Pike.
### Face the past
Her arms were crossed on the table she sat at, her face pressed against them, the only sound she made being her soft breathing. The past few days had been filled with a grim atmosphere at the **ARC**, and while Maria managed to convince all of the staff on the bridge that the **Silver Pike**'s disappearance was a power outage caused by the lack of engine power, and that they'd have the **Golden Bow** come and pick her up to tug her back to the **ARC** in a few days' time. But the cause of her dreadful emotions that were haunting her was the fact that she *knew* the ship wasn't floating around in Lóivonus's orbit anymore. Thomas designed the Loop engine to direct itself to **Cintura** in case of an emergency like the Pike experienced, but while Maria was certain that it wouldn't be functional yet, the ship never followed her command of jumping to Lumen, simply because the Loop engine didn't allow them to. 

*"We're not dozing off, are we?"* A voice behind her chuckled, gently tapping her shoulder. The voice belonged to Lloyd, a good friend of hers that kept command and oversight of the bridge. *"I'm kidding, of course."* He continued, his hand resting on Maria's shoulder, who slowly pulled her face back out of her arms to face the young captain with her own sleepy eyes. **"Sorry.. Lloyd, I-"** \
*"It's fine, Maria, I just wanted to let you know the Halberd docked a moment ago. Emdara would like to catch up with you."* He interrupted her, before letting go of Maria's shoulder again and returning back to the bridge. \
She sighed deeply, muttering a quiet **"I'll freshen up.."** to herself, and finally forced her to stand up from the bench she had been sitting at for the past hour, and made her way to the bathroom.

Freshening up turned out to be easier said than done, however. She usually avoided staring at her own image in the mirror for too long, but this time around she couldn't help but feel the dread creep up to her the longer she stared. The tap kept running, echoing through the bathroom. Doubts began circling through her mind. Even despite ten years having passed, she still wasn't used to her changed silhouette. She had somehow caught Leremkov during her research in the **Kósfrii Exclusion Zone** in **2078**, which had been years after the incident and a mere month after the dome had been installed as a means of shielding the radiation from spreading around the reactors. While she kept her human ears, the extra ears she gained at the top of her head betrayed her emotions, laying flat on her head, as more thoughts began to circle through her head. The tap kept running endlessly, the noise of the running water against the sink getting increasingly louder, drowning out the noise of the memory she was witnessing in her head. The crunching sound of the asteroid forcing its way through the Silver Pike was akin to what she heard in **Álef**, many, many years ago. Tears were dwelling up in her eyes, her face remained emotionless, but her ears made it clear that she was not without emotions. \
She suddenly broke the increasingly deafening noise of the tap by slamming the handle down, stopping the water from running as she sniffed quietly, breaking the stare with her own reflection, as she faced the sink. Her breathing was unstable, her memories continued to circle through her head, replaying the parallel event of losing a person close to her over and over again. She sniffed, successfully keeping her tears at bay, and faced back at the mirror, facing her own reflection with newly gained confidence, instead of the hopeless stare she was holding a moment ago. She took a deep breath, and whispered to herself, the memory in her head reaching its end. \
**"I won't lose them, Raléi."** She began, taking another deep breath before continuing. 

**"Not like I lost you."**
### Face the future
With a heavy sigh, Maria made her way back out of the bathroom to return to the bridge. She'd decided she'd not tell anything to anyone that boarded the Halberd about what happened to the Pike. If anything, she had already made the decision as soon as the accident happened that the **Golden Bow** would be more suitable as a rescue ship towards Cintura than the Halberd, especially with how poorly equipped the Halberd is in means of travel. Thomas had designed it as a research-first ship, whereas Maria's Golden Bow was a jack-of-all-trades. It was fast, nimble, but provided enough power to tug and carry the Pike back to Lumen, back to its home. And with that circling through her mind, she made her way back through the doors to catch up with Emdara.

***"Maria!"*** Emdara said with a wide smile on his face, interrupting the chat he was having with one of the bridge commanders as he waved his hand towards Maria. ***"It's good to see you again, how have you been?"*** \
Maria smiled slightly, her eyes drawn to the black box that was on the desk and connected to the ARC, its data already being extracted for analysis in Némiskéi. **"It seems I'm late to the party."** She chuckled, shaking hands with Emdara. **"Has anything in particular happened during your mission? Solen said Dvóniks doesn't want to take interest in all the energy you've been giving her."** \
*"We've had.. more or less the same experience."* Emdara replied, scratching his head as he took a quick glance at the black box behind him. All the data they had gathered would almost be identical to the previous two times, as well as all the data the **Silver Pike** had gathered. The harvested energy was plentiful and useful to power all the systems on the ships, but the ARC still had troubles figuring out how to use the gathered energy to give Dvóniks the shine it lacks in comparison to Lúniks. Maria placed her hand on her chin, thinking deeply about how she could figure out a solution to trap the energy inside Dvóniks's atmopshere, on how to strengthen it to make it support life, even if it'd start with just plant life, it could be the start of an enormous terraformation proj- \
Maria snapped out of her trance, the whirring sound of the black box indicated that the transfer had been completed. With a laugh, Emdara picked the box up with the handle again and smiled warmly at Maria. *"You got lost in thoughts pretty well there, let us know en route whether you come up with a new approach!"* He said gently, but his expression changed upon seeing Maria's troubled one. ***"Is something the matter?"*** \
Maria shook her head, and sighed deeply, her troubled expression changing into a gentle smile as she gently replied, doing her best to not make Emdara worry about the fate of the Pike. It was crawling around in the back of her head, but she decided not to act on it. It could harm the mission, and within two months, she could absolutely figure out what happened to the Pike, rescue it, and come up with a solution for Dvóniks's atmosphere. **"It's nothing."** She began with a wider smile. **"I'm lost in thought about Thomas, he's been locking himself up at the drawing board again. Maybe you'll already command a new ship within a year!"** \
The two shared a laugh, and shook hands afterwards. Maria watched Emdara step towards the stairwell of the bridge as he waved goodbye to the rest of the crew. He wouldn't be seeing them for another 90 days yet again, the cycle of the mission didn't allow them to stay for much longer at the ARC, even with how much it annoyed Maria herself as well. She let out a deflated sigh after seeing the doors close, the worries now overwhelming her without restraints. **"Lightning can't strike twice."** She kept whispering to herself as she turned around to gaze at the stars once more. A quiet and distant *thunk* indicated that the ship had undocked, and about two minutes after, she could see the ship's rear engines veer off into the distance past Lumen. In 90 days it would return, but that didn't ease up Maria's feelings, who was biting her nail now that the stress was getting to her. 

**"Please.."** She began, the feint orange lights of the Halberd's thrusters becoming nothing more than a disappearing glow in space. **"Stay safe.."**
### Face the present
It had been 13 days since the **Silver Pike** had disappeared off the radars, and it had been 11 days since the **Platinum Halberd** departed on the same mission. Tapping her fingers against the table, she was impatiently waiting for the **Golden Bow** to make its return. It'd make its return from Earth tomorrow, which would make it exactly two weeks since the disappearance of the Silver Pike to grasp the first opportunity to rescue it. But it didn't ease up Maria's feelings at all. The Pike had been floating around in Cintura for almost two weeks, without a single signal coming from it. As much as she had been wanting to rescue the ship as soon as she could, it simply wasn't possible, and it was turning her stomach upside down. 

*"Maria."* A voice suddenly called for her, causing her ears to perk up after snapping out of her uneasy trance. *"Maria..!"* The voice repeated, followed by heavy breathing and the stepping of shoes on the white panels on the floor approaching her. She recognised the voice to be Lloyd's, who had reached her by the time she made the connection. *"Sorry.."* He began, taking a moment to recover his breath, resting his hands on his knees. *"Emdara.. needs your attention.. for a moment.."* \
Without a second thought, Maria jumped up from the bench and sprinted towards the bridge. Every single thought, every single scenario that could happen was rushing through her mind at speeds never before seen. She imagined the Pike's fate, the impact of the asteroid against the ship. Its crew, whatever happened to them, wherever in Cintura they were now. She kept on running, struggling to climb up the stairwell as fast as she could. The echoes of the steel structure collapsing and crunching under the impact of the asteroid, the vision of Raléi disappearing behind the steel structures in the Álef Metro. **"I'm *not* losing them."** She whispered firmly to herself after reaching the top step and barging through the doors of the bridge, causing many heads to turn towards Maria's exhausted pose. She took a moment to catch her breath, before stepping forward to the northernmost control station. With her heart pounding in her chest, she adjusted the existing connection to **328**, the **Platinum Halberd**'s code. Doubts continued to stir through her head. What if she was terribly overthinking everything? Maybe Emdara simply wanted to ask her if she had come up with a different approach to harvesting energy from Lóivonus, or inform her that they'd found the **Silver Pike**'s debris. But after taking another deep breath to come back to her senses, Emdara's signal connected, and the two were connected. 

*"328, Platinum Halberd. Situation unchanged."* He said, almost robotically. Maria sighed deeply, but her mind was conflicted. "Situation unchanged" could mean a million things. Had nothing happened since entering orbit, or were things already going south and it was stalling? Maria shook her head, not letting her thoughts haunt her too much. **"It's Maria, Emdara.. Lloyd said you needed my attention."** She calmly replied, taking her time to sit down on the chair beside her and letting herself calm down further. \
***"Time flies, Maria! I almost forgot your voice!"*** He laughed in surprise, before immediately returning to his professional voice, setting the tone for something that made Maria's heart pound even faster in her chest. *"We've had an engine failure on engine two, the northern starboard one. Cisila had a check on it, and recovered asteroid debris from it. All seems to be well though, so I wanted to ask if you had come up with a new energy harvest approach."* He said with a gentle tone at the end, stirring Maria's emotions even further. Over the past two weeks, she had no thoughts other than worries and doubts. She had no time to think of another approach to harvesting and utilising energy from the gas planet, her only thoughts were the wellbeing of the Pike's crew. Her mind was racing. Emdara mentioned asteroid debris in an engine, the exact same situation the Pike had found themselves in before the fateful impact and disappearance. **"Has.. anything happened with the other engines?"** She muttered quietly, replaying the entire conversation she had with Solen, her mind conflicted whether she should abort the mission, or shrug it off as standard damage. ***"We disabled them while Cisila checked engine two, but they're still functional. Is something wrong?"*** He asked with concern in his voice, not sure what Maria was trying to get at. But in her mind, Maria had made up her mind as soon as she heard the engines were still functional. If the worst were to happen, it could still power itself back to Lumen, and with the Golden Bow returning to the ARC tomorrow, the Pike would follow soon after as well. 
**"It's nothing."** She smiled, pushing away any doubts she was having. **"Thomas has been pestering me about the Shuttle's engines, but it's nothing to worry about."** \
Emdara laughed, closing the view he was having over the engines and gradually re-enabled them to progress their mission of harvesting energy from Lóivonus, a sound that Maria could clearly hear through the microphone. *"Thomas never changes, does he? That said, take care of him for me, we'll continue with the energy harvesting soon and will give a signal once we'll swing towards Dvóniks."* \
Maria couldn't hide a smile, and whispered **"Stay safe, Emdara.."** soon after Emdara had closed the connection with the ARC. Despite the fact her doubts were being pushed away, the uneasy feeling in her gut remained. Lightning couldn't strike twice, and logically, it wouldn't make sense at all for it to do so either. She placed the headset back on the table, and gazed back at the stars through the bridge's windows. Lumen had moved slightly closer into view, the ARC was rotating slightly, after all. But her peaceful gaze was almost immediately interrupted as she looked at the star map on the displays at the table. The single point that indicated **328**'s position was to the east of Lóivonus, orbiting around its equator. It would update periodically, once every 10 seconds, to save power. But keeping an eye on it, the dot that showed **328**'s position now vanished. Lóivonus was empty, its only satellite being **Raspberry-1**. 

Maria froze in place. The impossible had happened. Lightning had struck twice. Both of the Alessi Shuttles were now lost in Cintura, with their only hope being the Golden Bow reach out to rescue them. She kept an eye on the radar, and every 10 seconds, the dot would remain gone. It wasn't out of the ordinary that a navigation system would malfunction for a moment, but every single tick it would remain off the radars. The range was limited to the Solar system and the Choreos system, whatever it was that was happening in Cintura, nobody at the ARC could figure it out from afar. \
Maria got up from the chair and sluggishly walked towards the stairwell of the bridge. Tears were dwelling up in her eyes, but she refused to shed them. Her ears were already betraying her emotions, and making her way towards the bench she was at just under 10 minutes ago, she promptly sat down again, and let every single emotion wreak havoc over her mind. 

**"I've failed, Raléi. I'm sorry."**

## 4 - No Second Chances
### Synopsis
Maria's internal conflicts persist, and she makes the decision to board the **Golden Bow** herself to aid in the rescue of the **Silver Pike** and **Platinum Halberd** in **Cintura**. But before her leave, she would confront Thomas for one last time and try to get him to his senses. Instead, Thomas remarks that he's considered leaving **Carbine** to return to the **ESA** on Earth, causing Maria to abandon the confrontation and make her leave towards the Golden Bow, and take command towards Cintura.
### Confront
Maria barged through the firmly reinforced doors of the design room that Thomas had been residing in for the past few weeks. Her brows were furrowed, and with the **Golden Bow** arriving in just a matter of minutes, she wasn't going to waste her last chance to confront Thomas's negligence of the Shuttles in the past weeks. \
*"Commander Limáida."* He said firmly, not looking away from the sketches of the next iteration of his prized Loop engines before him. A tense atmosphere built in the room, and despite nobody else being present, it still felt like a thousand eyes were watching the two confront each other. **"I see you've heard the news, Thomas."** Maria sighed, no longer needing to let Thomas know that she was going towards Cintura. \
*"Are you surprised I have?"* He replied right away, now finally turning around to meet Maria's furious gaze, her ears perked up in anger. She crossed her arms, taking in a deep breath to build up her confidence to spill her thoughts out to her long-term colleague, and long-term friend. **"I'm more surprised that it's me, and not you, boarding the Golden Bow to rescue the Alessi Shuttles."** She began, exhaling deeply. **"You put a hundred lives in limbo, Thomas Vanhuyt, a hundred lives are now floating in Cintura without having a clue what happened to them. They can't reach out to us, and we haven't been able to rescue them for the past two weeks either. Why isn't it you, Thomas, why did you gamble a hundred lives over your Loop engines?!"** \
*"I've been planning to return to Geneva, Maria."* Thomas interrupted her, changing topics the moment Maria finished speaking. His eyes remained tiresome, the sketches he had been making of the next generation of the Loop engines were nowhere near the quality of his sketches when designing the ARC and Shuttles. But even despite Thomas's exhausted look, Maria's expression remained furious. **"G-Geneva..?"** She began, the absurdity of his answer disgusting even the deepest and purest parts of her heart, knowing that the Alessi Shuttles were still floating around aimlessly in Cintura. **"Are you insane, Thomas?! You devoted your entire life to build the ARC together with me, and the three of us put us on the doorstep of the next chapter of humanity, and now that your prized Shuttles launched themselves to Cintura, you're fleeing to earth with your tail tucked between your legs?!"** She yelled, no longer trying to keep her voice down, or to keep herself calm. She felt betrayed, her ears were perked up in anger, and she struggled to keep herself calm. But closing her eyes, and taking a deep breath, she decided to let everything go. Shaking her head, she sighed deeply, reopening her eyes to face Thomas once more, for what might be the very last time the two would share the room. **"Do whatever it is you desire, Thomas."** She scoffed. **"At least say goodbye to Patti before you betray us."** 

Making her way towards the doors, she sighed deeply. Maria had lost all hope to convince Thomas to change his mind. No matter how hard she tried, the two wouldn't find each other on the same page on this matter, and with her decision already made to take command of the Goden Bow and confront the grim fate of the Alessi Shuttles herself, she stepped through the door, on her way to await its arrival. 

*"That girl from Álef."* Thomas suddenly began, his eyes still locked onto his sketches before him. *"Was she important to you, Maria?"* 

**"She meant the world to me, Dr. Vanhuyt."** Maria hissed, not letting him taunt her any further than this. **"It killed me inside that I couldn't save her. I'm not making that same mistake again."** She said, taking one last look at Thomas's back, before slamming the door shut tight.
### Connect
With a quiet *thunk*, the ARC moved slightly in Lúniks's orbit as the **Golden Bow** docked with her. It was Maria's personally designed ship, which she had designed soon after parting ways with Patti in **2085**. Every single aspect of the large spaceship was her own design, from the hull, to the shields, to the Jump drive and thrusters. And after what had been five years, Maria stepped through the doors of the docking terminal to come face to face with the materialisation of her blood, sweat, and tears once more. She smiled widely, hearing the docking hatch open while looking at the spaceship through the window. **"There she is.."** She whispered to herself, feeling conflicted to see the Golden Bow docking with the ARC. It would usually travel between Lúniks and Earth, shuttling between various space ports in Europe and Vestia. But sighing deeply, Maria knew that this time was different. Even with the ARCs launch in 2096, the Golden Bow would never have a reason to dock with it, except for this time.  

*"Commander Limáida."* A voice called from the hatch, and the silhouette of an older man appeared and entered the ARC with his hand stretched out. *"It's been a while since I've last called you that."* He laughed, shaking Maria's hand with a wide smile on his face. Maria shared the laugh, and took a quick look at the Golden Bow before looking at the aging commander before her. **"Just Maria is fine, you know how much I hate that title."** She chuckled, looking him directly into the eyes before averting them back towards the spaceship outside the window. **"How has she been holding up all this time, Harold?"** \
The commander smiled, and looked through the hatch at the crew making its exit to board the ARC. *"She's been keeping up incredibly well. We've only had to get a minor engine repair about a year ago in Ljivk, but that aside, she's been a breeze to work in."* He said, his expression changing into a more worried one before continuing. *"But I understand it's not been the same for the Alessi Shuttles."* Maria nodded, the conflict she had with Thomas circling through her mind, envisioning both of the crews lost in space, before sighing deeply. **"It's a long story. I'll spare the details. Thomas refuses to confront his mistakes and is going back to Earth. That's why I'll take command of the Bow and rescue the Shuttles myself."** She hissed upon mentioning Thomas's name, the anger inside her still boiling deeply within her. *A hundred lives!* kept echoing through her head, and crossing her arms, she did her best to stay composed before her colleague before her, who noticed the unrest in her mind. Placing a hand on her shoulder, Harold was quick to reassure her, and calm her down. *"I take it you and Thomas left on bad terms, Maria."* He began, before smiling warmly at her distressed expression. *"But that's no longer the matter at hand. Would you like me to aid Lloyd or you in rescuing the shuttles?"*

Maria watched the last crew member of the Bow leave the hatch, and in a matter of seconds, it closed itself, keeping the Bow docked for the time being while the crew took a moment to rest. Harold's hand left her shoulder, smiling gently before following the rest of his crew. *"You don't need to take haphazard decisions, Maria."* He began, his sincere voice reassuring Maria even further as she began biting her nail. *"Take your time to reunite with your ship first."*
### Control
Maria sighed deeply, still biting her nail, its polish already having chipped away from her stress over the past few days. As is routine, the ship would stay docked for about a day, the crew would take a moment to ease up at the ARC, and the automated robots would supply the ship for the next mission and fuel it up as it goes. Maria had aided enough times in the past with such a restocking task, but it was never for her own ship. She would always stock up the ship, and then wave it goodbye. Chipping part of her nail off, she finally gained the confidence to open the hatch, and walked through to board her very own masterpiece: The **100**, the **Golden Bow**. 

To her surprise, the boarding hall was still exactly like she'd remembered. It'd been over five years since she'd last been inside the ship, even though she'd spent the five years before that practically living on the ship. She couldn't hide a smile, Harold and his crew had been keeping up the Bow in its best condition, and walking through the various halls only proved that further. Tracing the walls as she made her way towards the control bridge, she recognised her own plate hanging on the wall just behind the doors. She froze in place, taking a moment to take it off the wall, and read it properly. *"Designed and built by Maria Esther Limáida. Némiskéi, 2087."* It said, and without realising, she felt herself ease up and calm down upon the realisation that she was aboard the manifestation, the embodiment, of her own blood, her own sweat, and her own tears. She'd worked non-stop from 2085 until 2087 to design, construct, and finish and deliver her Golden Bow, and being reunited with it stirred her up emotionally. Holding the plate dearly in her hands, she looked at the bridge, recognising the various chairs, the various monitors that kept control of all the various engines, systems, and everything that mattered to keep the ship functional. And a monitor for sports, hanging off-centre near the left wall. **"Must be Harold's idea, that."** She chuckled, hanging the plate back onto the wall and walking towards the pilot seat , resting her arms on the backrest and staring through the enormous windows of the bridge. If she looked down, she'd find a hole separating the bridge and the central engine. It'd been a risky design, but it'd been one that she'd envisioned for years before her sketches were brought to life, and seeing the central engine still in its best shape, she couldn't help but smile. For a moment, the idea of leading the ship to save the **Alessi Shuttles** wasn't on her mind, and closing her eyes, she took a last moment of peace with her ship. 

After a moment, she tapped the shoulders of the backrest, making her way back to the docking hatch. She'd made her decision. She'd lead the ship to **Cintura**, together with Harold and his crew, the two would save the two Shuttles, no matter what it would take. Taking a deep breath, she turned around after walking through the bridge's doors, smiling gently at the pilot seat, already imagining her sharing duties with Harold, already looking forward to being able to fly her Golden Bow again after all those years. 

Making her way outside of the hatch, she was surprised to see Harold awaiting her, with a wide smile on his face. He was still as relaxed as he could be, even at his age, his experience and knowledge of the Bow would make him a remarkable captain. *"You sure took your time on board"*, he laughed, continuing with a smirk on his face as he could already read Maria's decision on her face. "*Have you made up your mind, commander Limáida?"* \
Maria snorted, poking him in the side to tease him back, before nodding slowly. 
**"I have, Harold."** She said with a confident smile on her face, her hands firmly on her hips. 

**"We're saving the Alessi Shuttles."**

## 5 - The Grimness of it all 
### Synopsis
Immediately after setting course for Cintura, Maria's nightmares unfold before her eyes. Out of her control, she watches the **Platinum Halberd** docked with the remains of the **Silver Pike**, with the shadow of the **Hammerhead Satellite Ship** that she believed had been abandoned since the last decade. While her emotions overwhelm her once more, she retreats momentarily as Harold takes over control of the **Golden Bow**, and assembles a plan together with the remains of the two **Alessi Shuttles**.
### Shedding Tears
It'd been a day since the **Golden Bow** had docked to the **ARC**, but all of its crew members had already returned to their duties on the ship. The ARC was never intended to be a docking hub, and research that was being conducted on the enormous space station couldn't be frequently interrupted with many ships docking and departing several times per day. And for the Golden Bow, the day to leave had already arrived. Everyone would return to their usual posts, the control bridge was as lively as ever, but instead of Harold, it was Maria that would take place in the pilot seat, and taking a deep breath, the gently undocked the ship, and with Harold on her side, the two would gradually command and lead the ship to the fateful location of **Cintura**, with one unanimous mission: Whatever it was that had happened to the **Alessi Shuttles**, they would rescue them, no matter what. 

But upon flipping the switches and warming up the Jump drive, the doubts and worries that circled through Maria's head refused to dissipate. What if the Shuttles never made their way to Cintura at all, and were floating around in another solar system? There would be nowhere near enough fuel and energy to keep on jumping between planets in hopes to detect a distress signal, but that was already being generous, what if the shuttles were out of power, and couldn't send a distress signal at all? Her hand began to shake out of her control, and letting go of the thruster, Harold recognised her state of mind and placed his hand on her shoulder. *"Maria."* He began, kneeling down to the right of her seat to stare her into her eyes, moving his hand to rest on her knee. *"I can only imagine the stress you're going through. That's why I'm here. Once it gets too much, take a break, and I'll command in your place."* He said gently, a sincere smile on his face. Maria gulped, taking slow, deep breaths to calm herself down. Her stomach was already turnt, the worries and visions of the worst refused to dissipate, but she too knew that she couldn't pull back right now either. **"A hundred lives!"** She had yelled to Thomas. The blueprints of the **Silver Pike** and **Platinum Halberd** were now flashing in her mind. She'd seen the Pike's crew pass by when they docked two weeks ago, they were 56 people strong, and the Halberd that docked two days afterwards would leave again with a crew of 62 people. **"One hundred and eighteen lives.."** She mumbled under her breath, sitting upright in the pilot seat after looking back into Harold's sincere eyes. **"We're saving each and every single one of them, even if we abandon both the shuttles, the Bow can handle such a crew size in an emergency like this."** She smiled, causing Harold to smile widely with his teeth out. *"That's the Maria I know!"* He laughed, gently tapping her knee before getting back up. *"You're a strong person."* He began after getting back up, placing his hand on Maria's shoulder once more. *"But even the strongest of people can crack under pressure. If that happens, I've got your back. You don't need to feel ashamed about that."* \
**"Thank you, Harold.."** Maria whispered back, a genuine and warm smile on her face, as the rightmost display in the pilot seat began to blink a golden colour. The Jump drive was ready for use, and setting course to the fateful location Thomas had injected into the experimental Loop engines, she directed her Golden Bow to the Cintura system. 

Taking the microphone that was dangling above her head, she pulled it towards her lips, her professional voice returning. She smiled warmly, a sense of comfort washing over her now that she was in the pilot's seat of her own ship again. **"All crew, be advised. Solar Jump in ten."** She announced over the broadcast system, giggling to herself after letting go of the microphone again. The ten seconds flew by in the blink of an eye, but the Jump itself felt like an eternity. The streaks of lights remained suspended in mid air, and stretched across the windows of the bridge. She felt butterflies in her stomach, something that was never expected to change with whatever Jump or Loop drive she would travel with. The otherworldly feeling would always remain the same, and after five years of not having felt it, she closed her eyes for a moment, letting it wash over her as the ship travelled to Cintura.
### Facing Fears
The butterfly feeling in Maria's stomach dissipated, but she kept her eyes closed for just another moment. She placed her hands on her stomach and dozed off momentarily, but feeling a hand placed on her shoulder snapped her out of the trance she found herself in. *"Keep your eyes closed, Maria."* The voice began, which she recognised to be Harold's. To her surprise, she could hear a concerning undertone in his voice, but she decided to comply with his request for just a moment and kept her eyes closed. **"H-huh.."** She stammered, all sorts of scenarios flashing through her head. She imagined that she might have misjudged the coordinates and instead routed towards one of Cintura's planets. She imagined empty space, without a sight of either of the Shuttles, and she imagined both of the ships finding each other in the same place, which meant that Harold would be looking down at hopeless floating debris before him right now. **"W-why..?"** \
*"It's a grim sight. The Pike is severely damaged, and it's docked with the Halberd."* 

Maria disregarded Harold's warning, and stood up from her chair to face her own fears. But the second she stood up, the nightmare she had been envisioning over the past two weeks became a reality. Frozen in place, she moved her hand to cover her mouth. The blissful feeling she was feeling in her stomach just a minute ago was immediately overshadowed by the feeling of disgust, of fear and worry, and everything that fell on the spectrum in-between. Just like Harold had said, the Halberd was docked to the Pike, and she could easily recognise the two silhouettes and differentiate the two spaceships. The Halberd was more white than the Pike, which had a greyer colour on its hull. But only the lights on the Halberd were on, and as both of the ships were turning around in space, the damage that Harold mentioned came into clear view. **"Oh.. my god.."** Was the only thing that she managed to say, tears dwelling up in her eyes as she failed to avert her eyes from the Pike's hull. The B-deck was completely obliterated, the debris from the asteroid impact was still floating around it, and she could only imagine what the crew must've gone through, or what they must be going through now. \
Maria fell back into the pilot seat, doing her best to keep her breathing under control now that her greatest nightmare had become a reality. The Halberd was in a much better shape, its engines were still glowing orange and indicated a sign of life, but the Pike seemed to be completely dead. All of its lights, except for the emergency lights, were completely dead, and the engines appeared to have been cold ever since the Loop engine brought it to Cintura. Without a second thought, she could feel Harold's hand press against her chest, feeling her heartbeat thump loudly and violently in her hand, and without a second thought, he took command and let the panicking Maria take her moment to recover. *"Maria, I'm taking command. No objections. We're salvaging what's left and we're saving who's left. That's a promise, that's an order."* He said sternly, looking Maria directly into her eyes. His characteristic smile had completely disappeared, and through the blur of the tears in her eyes, Maria could recognise Harold's determined and serious gaze. Nodding slowly, she buried her face in her hands and let the emotions wreak havoc for just this moment. **"Let it all out"**, her mind whispered to herself, hearing the rest of the crew work overtime to gain any information about the status of the Pike and Halberd that were floating before them. She could hear the microphone cord get pulled down by Harold, and after a moment, he reached out towards the Alessi Shuttles. 

*"327. Status update if possible. 328. Status update if possible. This is Captain Kreuzbauer, aboard 100."* He began, taking a look at Maria's distressed figure in the pilot seat before continuing. *"Help has arrived."*

## 6 - To Salvage the Remains
### Synopsis
Recovering from the grim sight in front of them in deep space in Cintura, Maria returns to her dormitory and collects her thoughts, going over memories that she made decades ago back in the remains of Máneá. From one memory into the next, she remembers the existence of vital life systems aboard every ship that she had personally built and had a say in, and before long, she sprints back to the bridge to inform Harold. To her surprise, the Silver Pike reignites its fire and comes back to live, easing up the next course of action to take for Maria's experienced crew: Rescue whoever's left on the Pike.

### A Promise Made
Maria had retreated herself to her dorm after Harold had taken over command of the Bow. The fears kept on growing and worsening upon the sight of the Halberd and Pike, and even though she hated the thought of it, she desperately needed this break. Her eyes had been exhausted by all the tears she had shed in the pilot's seat, and another bridge crew member had helped her towards her dorm. But in this moment, sitting on her bed, she was all by herself, and the only sound she could hear was the quiet buzzing of the engines.

She sighed deeply, and kept her eyes to the floor, tracing the details on the carpet beneath her feet. Her dorm room had been untouched since she last spent a night inside it, which had been over five years ago by now. She could recognise all the different kinds of thread used to sow the carpet. The colours had been fading for a while though, as she looked at the small, circular window to her right. Sol and Choreos would shine brightly on it, wearing down the colours over time, but getting up from her bed again she walked towards the window. This time around, it wouldn't be either of those suns that would shine light upon the Golden Bow. She pressed her hand against the reinforced glass, staring at the distant ball of light. **"Cintura."** She whispered to herself, the memories beginning to flow back into her mind as she averted her gaze away from the sun, staring at the white floor below her. 

It had felt like yesterday. \
**"Do you think there's more out there?"** She had asked Raléi, gazing at the vast expanse of stars that were decorating the night sky above them. The two were sitting in the grass fields on the outskirts of Álef, whose lights were polluting the skies even from this distance. The white glow from the blooming city blanketed the sky above them in a dim hue, but even so, the stars refused to let it hide their light. Even though neither Raléi nor Maria had ever been to Earth, the two knew that the dream that humanity once shared to explore and settle the stars never faded. \
Raléi's hand pressed against Maria's, before her gentle fingers would wrap around to hold it. *"Without a doubt."* She began, looking Maria directly into the eyes as she smiled widely. She could see her eyes sparkle, as if the dream for space exploration, the dream for more, the desire to solve the mysteries the universe had to offer to them, was within her eyes. She averted her eyes, and looking back to the sky, there was one star in particular that was shining brighter than her sister stars. *"I think she's calling for us to meet her."* \
Maria followed her gaze, looking at the bright star that was begging for their attention. **"Messier-48"**, she mumbled to herself, envisioning a map of the stars in her mind. There were only a few stars and planets that had a name, and after every planet after Lúniks in the Choreos system had received a name, the focus changed towards settling Lúniks, rather than exploring the galaxy further. **"She needs a proper name.."** \
Raléi chuckled, keeping her eyes on the bright star above them. The two stared for a moment, the rustle of the wind and the feint sounds of traffic, people, and animals in the far distance filling the otherwise quiet atmosphere between the two young women. \
*"Cintura."* She said with confidence, holding Maria's hand tightly while continuing to gaze deeply at the newly-named star. \
*"We'll name her Cintura."*

Maria snapped back out of the memory, finding herself back in her dorm, subconsciously having stepped away from the window to return to her bed. Her eyes were dry, her ears were flat on her head, and she felt more hopeless than she thought she possibly could. It had already been 20 years since she last shared a moment with Raléi, but the feeling of grief never faded once in those years. She buried her face in her hands once more, her eyes forcing more tears to fall, her mind finally giving in to the grief, the feeling of loss. Loss in the past, loss in the present. Her mind was constantly flashing back and forth between the fateful day in Álef, where she had lost Raléi, and the present day, the wreckage of the Silver Pike floating parallel to the Platinum Halberd. She was praying for the best, she had promised to Raléi posthumously that she would not let go of another life ever again in the future. \
She sniffed loudly, followed by coughing. All of her emotions that had dwelled up, all of the grief that she had been storing away over the past two decades finally had broken her. She felt truly hopeless. How many people could she save, if any at all? The Pike was in dismay, it was fatally damaged and surely falling apart as the time was ticking away. The Halberd must've been working overtime to keep the Pike stable, but even so, the asteroid impact alone would mean that her promise would be broken. She sniffed loudly once more. She moved her hands off her face again, staring deeply at the other end of her dorm through blurry eyes. Her mind was a wreck, but averting her eyes back towards the window, she could hear a distant voice calling for her. It was a familiar voice, but it didn't belong to Harold, to Thomas, to Patti. It was a woman's voice, and the closer it came, the cleared it sounded. *"Maria!"* It called, and looking at her window, Cintura slowly came back into view as Harold was turning the ship slightly, the buzzing of the engines having intensified in the past few seconds. *"Maria!"* it called once more, and it finally made sense to Maria to who the voice belonged. She stepped towards the window, her hands resting on its frame. She kept her eyes locked as her mind presented the scene of Raléi's last moments once more. She saw Raléi falling to the abyss, calling out to Maria one last time with her hand reached out, just like she had on that fateful day 21 years ago. Maria bit her lip, curling her hands into fists that she pressed against the reinforced frame. She wouldn't let the emotions bite this one last time. She'd made a promise with Raléi, and even though the Pike was severely damaged, even though Harold must've heard about the inevitable loss of life already, she wouldn't break this promise, she wouldn't let Raléi's death be in vain. The namesake of the sun she was gazing at, the namesake of the ship she was aboard, the namesake of the life systems, the namesake.., wait..

Her eyes opened wide, her ears perked up in realisation and surprise. The namesake of the life systems aboard! **"Alentikíles!"** She whispered to herself, repeating it another few times. **"Alentikíles.. Alentikíles.. Thomas can't have ignored that!"** She sputtered out, the name finally clicking in her head. The life systems aboard the Golden Bow were akin to those she believed were on the Alessi Shuttles, and all shared the name *Alentikíles*, which could be a beacon of hope in rescuing those that remained on board of the Pike. **"Raléi Alentikíles."** She whispered to herself, suppressing further tears from falling down her cheeks. Raléi's last name, Alentikíles. It was the backbone of The Agency from all those years ago, the backbone of every ship she had built since she worked for Carbine, the backbone of her own life, her love, her life. Raléi was her everything, and even after her death, her namesake was everything for Carbine. And with that in mind, she sprinted outside of her dorm, back towards the bridge, with her heart in her throat, she would face the grimness of it all, the remains of the Pike, knowing that life had been lost. But no further lives would be lost. That's the promise she'd made all those years ago. 

She rushed towards her door, freezing in place for just another moment as she looked back at the window across her dorm. Before closing the door and running towards the bridge, she stared at Cintura through the window one more time, Raléi's last words sounding as clear as day to her.

*"Live!"*
### A Promise Kept
**"Harold!"** Maria yelled, barging through the doors of the bridge as all heads of the crew turned towards her exhausted voice. Taking a moment to recover her breath, bending over with her hands resting on her knees, she finally found the energy to continue. **"There's.. life systems.. aboard.."** She huffed, gasping for air between each word. Harold stayed frozen in place, as if he was conflicted by what Maria was saying, and by what he had heard from the Shuttles. **"Does "Alentikíles" ring a bell, Harold?"** Harold nodded slowly, but gestured Maria to walk towards him. It seemed something else was bothering him. Having recovered her breath, Maria slowly stepped towards the pilot seat at the bridge, and began to see what Harold's worries were getting at. *"That ship's been there since we've jumped. It's an enormous shadow hiding the stars behind it."* He began, but decided not to continue upon seeing the fear in Maria's eyes. **"That's.. the 001.."** She mumbled in disbelief. The **001** was the first ship that the trio, Thomas, Patti, and herself, were asked to work on. It was the first stone on the enormous numbered list of ships to follow, but it was also a ship they hadn't designed themselves. *"**001**? Is that not the ARC?"* Harold asked quietly, leaving Maria shaking her head in disagreement. **"That.. thing.. is Hammerhead's."** She sighed deeply, suppressing the emotions she was feeling, not allowing her to fall back into the mess she was a mere moment ago. The enormous shadow that was looming behind the two Alessi Shuttles belonged to the **001**, the **Hammerhead Satellite Ship**. It was over half a century old, having been launched in **2040**, but it saw its revival in the early **2080**s when Maria was given the task by Hammerhead to refurbish the ship. She, Thomas, and Patti would do so successfully, and it would be launched back into space in **2082** with the aim of reaching **Cintura** and deploying satellites on every one of her planets. A fatal engine failure and ventilation malfunction soon after the renovation caused the ambitious mission to be aborted, and Hammerhead left the ship abandoned, letting it float aimlessly in space for the rest of its lifetime.  

**"I thought it was debris."** Maria began, hissing at the thought of seeing the HSS ever again after all these years. **"It'd been abandoned, it's stuffed with toxic gas. Why is it, here?"** \  
Harold kept his professional and stern expression on his face. The friendly and relaxed person he usually was, was now stowed away in favour of his more serious and focused self. *"It still seems abandoned."* He said, looking out towards the enormous shadow of a ship behind the two Alessi Shuttles. *"That's not the matter at hand now. Life systems, you said?"* \
Maria nodded, still recovering her breath. **"There should be, unless Thomas discarded my safety designs, which I doubt."** She began, sighing deeply before continuing. **"If he had, we wouldn't be here in Cintura in the first place."** \
Harold stayed quiet for a moment, but exhaling softly, he looked Maria directly in the eyes. His stern expression remained on his face. *"The Silver Pike is essentially without power right now, if we can somehow bring over the message towards them about the Alentikíles systems, it may help them out."* He said before turning around once more to face the cluster of ships in the near distance. The Pike remained in dismay, its debris from the asteroid impact still orbiting itself. Taking a deep breath, Maria thought of a course of action to take. Memories flashed through her mind, and visions of the near future appeared before her eyes. In a matter of seconds, she could see the paths diverge, one reaching a gruesome end, and one reaching a successful end to the rescue mission they had embarked on. **"Is there any way for us to contact the Pike?"** Maria asked, following Harold's gaze into the distance. He was looking at the gaping hole in the B-Deck, and the debris floating around it. Whoever was left on the ship was probably in pure panic, but situations like these weren't unpredictable. Even with top-of-the-line supervising systems that monitored incoming asteroids or other spaceships in its near proximity, outliers would always be a possibility, and for the Pike, it indeed had failed in the moment it was most necessary. Harold shook his head. *"There's no power onboard at all, even backup power must have run out, they're not receiving radio signals altogether."* He sighed, sounding deflated and defeated. \
Maria moved her hand to her face, and before long, she caught herself biting on her nail. The only possibility would be to contact the **Platinum Halberd**, and from there on have them pass on the message physically towards the **Silver Pike**. But it'd be time consuming, and it'd take longer than Maria would've liked. Both of the Alessi Shuttles were docked together, and the HSS in the backdrop of the two ships was slowly beginning to float away from the two research ships. Whatever it was that it was doing here, it seemed to have been a coincidence. **"Jason!"** She shouted towards one of the bridge's crewmen monitoring the radio systems aboard the ships in the area. **"Establish a connection with the 328. Reach out to captain Emdara, we need..-"**

Maria was cut off short after Harold tapped her on her shoulder, causing her to turn around once more to witness the sight of the two Shuttles floating in deep space. But with her eyes sparkling and shimmering in the dim light in the bridge, she witnessed a miracle unfold right before her eyes. **"Raléi.."** She mumbled to herself, watching the lights aboard the Pike slowly flick back on to life, the dim glow of the engines returning as they sparked and resumed their normal protocols as if nothing had happened. Somehow, someway, the remainder of the crew aboard the Pike had discovered the life systems installed on the ship, and successfully revived the ship. *"Maria.. your partner.."* Harold began, equally amazed by the miracle that had just taken place before them. **"Jason, establish a connection with the 327 immediately and contact captain Solen. I'll monitor the life systems, Harold, you inform them we'll board the Halberd."** Maria said before rushing off to the back end of the bridge, joining Jason in monitoring the Alentikíles systems from afar. Without any power on the ship they were trying to target, they were essentially hopeless in acquiring any sort of information regarding the status of the ships. But now that their crew had returned power to the ship, she could look into every nook and cranny of the ship and relay her findings to Harold. *"-Can you hear me, I repeat, can you hear me?"* She could overhear him asking over the radio, and looking at the enormous amount of data appearing on the screens before her, her fears were acknowledged and confirmed. **"The entire B-Deck is without power."** She mumbled to herself, and seeing Jason nodding in the corner of her eye, he whispered back. *"Engine two is also completely destroyed, the data checks out."* He said back, looking at Maria for a moment before returning his eyes back to the engine data. Inhaling deeply, and exhaling slowly, Maria rubbed her eyes and skimmed through the engine data. It would be too soon to go through the black box data during the rescue mission, but even so, the looked at the history of the engine abnormalities from two weeks ago. **"It does.. Solen mentioned Felipe checking the engines. All four engines had been disabled, but only engine two never turned back on."** She said back to Jason, and keeping an eye on the timestamps, she couldn't help but think to herself the longer she stared at the corresponding events. *"Oh, Felipe, just what did you find..?"*

But Maria's thought process was cut short after hearing Harold call for her. **"Maria.."** He began, his face looking more bleak than usual, already causing her heart to jump for a moment. **"Could you come here for a moment..?"** He continued, his voice trembling ever so slightly. Any sort of professionalism that he had kept up throughout the day aboard the Golden Bow were now dissipating completely, causing an icy chill to run through Maria's spine, all the way through to the tip of her tail. \
Tapping Jason's shoulder, she left the screen she was scraping for data behind her for Jason to go through, and quickly stepped out of the chair to approach Harold. **"Is everything..-"** \
*"Cisila, could you.. repeat the damage? I can't bring myself to."* He whispered into the microphone before giving the headset to Maria, who nervously took it from his hands and placed it on her ears. *"Damage..? Just.. B-Deck and power, right..?"* Maria thought to herself as she looked out towards the two Shuttles docked together, gazing at the gaping hole in the Pike's B-deck. But hearing Cisila's nervous breathing through the headset, her worries only increased exponentially. More was at play, and looking at the Pike in the near distance, she could feel deep in her stomach that the worst was yet to come. \
*"There's only twelve people left alive. There are worms. They killed most of the crew."* She began, her voice trembling and shaking as she slowly continued. Even from afar, Maria could hear the fear in her voice as clear as day. The static didn't disturb Cisila's voice at all, and it did nothing to cover up the nightmares that she was describing. *"Their blood.. it's- it's everywhere. The worms turned the crew into.. into zombies."* \
Maria's ears fell flat to her head, and staring into the far distance towards the docked Halberd and Pike, she couldn't believe a single word that Cisila had just said. It seemed too surreal, it seemed too impossible to be real at all. **"Oh.. Oh my God.."** Maria whispered back into the microphone. She was completely stunlocked and frozen in place, and in the corner of her eye, she could see that Harold's expression matched her own. Whatever it was that had hit ship, it had somehow brought a form of radiation infection aboard the Pike, and if the impact alone wasn't enough to immediately end the lives of crew members she had waved goodbye just over two weeks ago, whatever "worms" inhabited the ship now would have finished the job. **"Cisila.."** Maria began, shaking her head. Images were flashing through her mind, and through the glass windows of the bridge, she could see flashes of the future before her very eyes appear back and forth. She wasn't sure if she was hallucinating or not, but wherever she looked, she could see the bright, burning star of Cintura in the far distance. And every time she saw it, she could feel her hands tingle, and sparkles began to swirl around and between her fingers once more. Even after all these years, they had never left her side, and had given her a strength that she had never properly grasped or understood. \
**"Cisila."** Maria repeated, and exhaling deeply, she gained the confidence to iron out the plan together with her. **"Are the eleven other crew members still at the hatch?"** \
*"They're spread out, guiding the crew of the Halberd to help drive away the worms."* She replied. Her voice was still shaky. **"We'll save every remaining crew member, including you."** Maria said firmly, her eyes fixated on the bridge of the Pike. She couldn't see where Cisila was standing from this distance, but she remembered that the radio control centre would be around the bridge. **"You can't see me yet, Cisila, but we'll board the Halberd in a few minutes and we'll grant you and everyone else a place aboard the Golden Bow to recover. I promise you, Cisila, I won't let another life get lost."** She continued. **"Hold on for just a little longer, we're almost there."** \
A quiet *"Understood.."* was the only reply Maria heard from Cisila before the static of the headset indicated that the contact had been broken. Standing upright for just a few more moments, Maria's thoughts worked overtime as she envisioned and imagined everything that had occured aboard the Pike. Just what had gone wrong, what had happened in that short period of time? It didn't make sense to her at all, it refused to click. But sighing deeply, Maria sat down in the pilot seat and buried her face in her hands. One half of the promise had been fulfilled, and the damage had been assessed. **"Harold, please inform Emdara that we're docking with the Halberd."** She said, and moving her hands back out of her face, she firmly gripped the control rod on her right side and gently moved it forward, activating the thrusters and seeing a feint glow of light appear on the engine before her. **"If twelve crew members of the Pike remain, we're rescuing all twelve, no matter what it takes."** She said firmly, and looking to her right, the same glow that she saw all those years back in Kósfrii appeared back on her right hand, dancing around her wrist and swirling between her fingers. Whatever it was, it gave her the strength and hope she desperately needed in grimness of the situation. 

**"I promise."**

## 7 - Cintura's Light
### Sketch
The **Golden Bow** docks with the **Platinum Halberd** and together with captain **Emdara**, the two assess the situation and come up with a plan to rescue every remaining member aboard the **Silver Pike**. While Harold supervises the **Golden Bow**, the cleanup of the Pike slowly progresses and successfully manages to drive away all of the worms. *// This chapter will mostly be a narrative by Maria and shine a light on the reintroduction to Emdara and the severed contact between the two Alessi Shuttles. From all the crew that boarded the Pike towards Lóivonus, how many, and who, survived? This shouldn't be too long of a chapter and should flow nicely into Chapter 8, where the crew of the Pike enters the Halberd and subsequently boards the Bow.*

### Title 1
With a quiet *thunk*, Maria slowly and carefully manoeuvred the Golden Bow towards the Halberd's docking port, and with the two hatches seamlessly clicking together in place, the two Alessi Shuttles were now connected to Maria's rescue ship. *"Shall I board, or would you like to meet Emdara personally?"* Harold asked her quietly, tapping her shoulder, leaving Maria turning her head to face the aging commander of her Golden Bow. For a moment, she took a deep breath and collected her thoughts. The Halberd by itself wasn't the piece of horror the way Cisila had described to her. It would look exactly the way she had last seen it when it was completed and launched in **2095**, the halls were still decorated in their bright white, and after three swings between the planets, she didn't expect them to be worn down already either. Thomas's designs were exquisite, and Maria made sure that the most durable materials were to be used. But exhaling deeply, she knew that it wasn't the Halberd she was worried about. **"I'll board the Halberd, you can keep contact and command over the Bow."** Maria replied to Harold, a feint smile appearing on her face as her shimmering green eyes met his brown ones. With a slow nod, Harold turned around and walked towards Jason, calling for him to establish a stable radio connection with the Halberd while Maria stepped out of the pilot seat once more. Taking a few deep breaths, she desperately tried to regain her confidence now that she had made the decision to board the Halberd. **"The Halberd is safe.."** she kept whispering to herself, and stretching her arms, she took her yellow coat from the pilot seat and swiftly put her arms through the sleeves, readying herself to walk to the hatch of the ship she was growing increasingly hesitant to board.
 
## 8 - Course: Lumen
### Sketch 
Upon Cisila's return from the **HSS**, the **Golden Bow** docks with the **Platinum Halberd** to offer a place for the surviving crew of the **Silver Pike** to settle in before they'll make their return back to the **ARC** and subsequently towards **Lumen** or **Lúniks**. In doing so, Maria meets **Cisila** for the first time, which causes her to pause momentarily as Cisila's face is oddly familiar to her. Shaking her head, she thinks nothing of it for the time being, and before her thoughts allowed her to dwell on it upon returning to her own dormitory, the **Moondial** already reaches out to her. (*// Edited: Cisila will **NOT** be made aware of the fact that she is cloned from Gradient **DURING** Routine Maintenance. Maria will tell her this personally **AFTER** Routine Maintenance concludes, which becomes a lead into Gridrunner. Maria has come in contact with Gradient in **2076**, paving the way for a logical reason that she recognises Cisila's face.*)
### Drafted Synopsis
Maria, having faced her fears and swallowed away the tough reality of the loss of life on the **Silver Pike**, successfully evacuates its surviving crew and gives them a place to stay on the **Golden Bow**. The severely damaged ship remains couples with the **Platinum Halberd**, and the injured(?) **Cisila** is the only crew member of the **Halberd** to also board the Golden Bow, meeting Maria for the first time. (*// To Maria's surprise, she recognises Cisila's face and physique a little too well, which is surprisingly akin to the figure she had met in Deth-Kelétam many, many years ago (**2076**).*) But not thinking too much of it, Maria instead grants control back to Harold and returns to her own dormitory to assess the damage, and grant peace to herself after this hectic last week. Returning to the **ARC**, she makes her way to her own room aboard the feat of technology, but before she is given a moment to ease up, a surprise visitor disturbs her. It's nobody other than **Petra Vilassa**, informing her about the discovery of life on **Oceana**. (*-> Branch into Moondial and Gridrunner*) 


### A moment of peace
*// This section needs a proper rewriting to connect properly to [[FATED ENCOUNTER - Story]]. It's now clear why Maria remembers Cisila's face so vividly, because she met Gradient and Mika in Deth-Kelétam all those years ago. That needs to be properly reflected and touched upon.*

The door sealed behind her, and she found herself back in her familiar room once more. Her barely-decorated dormitory on the ARC. She sighed deeply. Not just her legs, but her entire body was feeling drained and exhausted, and she'd been dealing with a headache from the very moment she reached Cintura. Even with years of experience aboard the Golden Bow herself, it seemed that some people were just not suited to get used to Panjit jumps. She shook her head, and made her way to sit down at her poorly-organised desk, plopping down in the chair and burying her face into her arms. She exhaled deeply, and after this intense week with constant swings of emotions, she was finally granted a moment to let everything go and deflate. Harold had regained control over her Golden Bow, and her signature yellow commander's coat was now back to hanging at her door, waiting for the next opportunity to come around to be worn once more. But that day wouldn't come anytime soon, if Maria had a say in it herself at this moment. For now, all on her mind was the vast emptiness of space, and the mysteries behind it. She moved her face back out of her arms, staring at the reinforced window at the other end of her desk, keeping her eyes on Lumen. A slight smile appeared on her face. Even if it had drained her completely, she still achieved her mission as best as she could, and even if life was lost, the Pike still made its way back to Lumen, and eventually would return to Némiskéi to be completely satinised and eventually stripped for parts. But her part of the mission was complete, and she could ease up now, at last. 

But the oddness about the young girl that somehow returned out of the HSS alive continued to irk her, eating away at the back of her mind. Even with all things considered, and everything that had happened, she still seemed eerily familiar to Maria. Sitting upright for just a moment, she rested her face on her hand, staring into the distance as Lumen was slowly fading out of view with the ARC spinning gradually over time. *"What was her name.."* She thought to herself. The name of the young girl was obviously Cisila, but it wasn't her name that Maria had trouble remembering. It had already been twenty years since, but Cisila's face was familiar to Maria, and even if her memory failed her right now, she knew she wasn't imagining things. She took a hold of her notebook, and staring at the blank sheet before her, she opened her drawer and grabbed a pen and pressed it against the white paper that was now flat on the desk. She breathed in deeply, the pen continuing to dig into the paper. Her breathing slowed further and further, and before she realised, sparkles and particles began to swirl around her left hand as she envisioned the memory of twenty years ago once more. Closing her eyes, the particles helped her hand move, slowly but surely beginning to draw and write a name. She felt her heartbeat go slower with every second, her focus becoming as immense as it possibly could. The figure became ever familiar the more she focused. She had no human arms, but they weren't neurotech either, and instead were fully cybernetic arms. The pieces of the puzzle began to fall into place. She'd made her way to Deth-Kelétam before leaving for Shánzhe to start working with Carbine's experimental space research branch, and that's where she remembered this familiar woman from. Her head began to sting more the deeper she found herself lost in thought, but her trance couldn't hold on for any longer as the knocking on her door snapped her out of her focus. In a flash, the particles that were guiding her hand and the pen on the paper disappeared, and with a defeated sigh, Maria turned towards the door.

*// The below section is a first press. On second thought, I want to change the approach of Maria and Petra meeting again after a decade in a different fashion, right now they seemed to be friends that hadn't spoken in weeks, even though they are old colleagues that lost contact over a disagreement. I want to add more formality and add a stroke of that rivalry as well, instead of what's written right now.*

**"Éi ainh."** (*"Not yet."*) She said back towards the door, staring at the vague drawing before her once more. The figure seemed familiar, but it hadn't helped her get much further than where she already was. Her breathing and heartrate slowly picked up their natural pace once more as she wrote down the keywords that came up to her, laying out the puzzle for her to solve later in the day, and facing the next issue first. \
**"You can come in."** She said towards the door, and within a second, it unsealed and revealed a woman that was slightly younger than Maria herself. But much to her own surprise, she was incredibly familiar. Not in the sense of the a mystery that she was just interrupted from solving, but more in the sense of having been acquaintances and work partners in the past. Maria's green eyes sparkled and opened wide in surprise as she saw the woman step into her dormitory. **"Dr. Vilassa..?"** \
The woman nodded. *"Jóthuli dialect?"* She smirked, a wide smile on her face as she stepped towards Maria. *"It's been a long while, Dr. Limáida, and even after a decade, we still managed to miss each other by a mere few days."* \
Maria struggled to connect the dots. Petra had left Carbine over a decade ago in **2085** to instead work together with the growing Moonlight Institute in Ljivk. And even though Moonlight and Moondial had been given research stations on the ARC, the two had never seen each other again since 2085. And even so, eleven years later, the two were face to face once more. \
**"You can drop the honorifics, Petra, what's brought you here?"** Maria sighed, seemingly still disturbed that her moment of focus was interrupted by the sudden reunion with her old colleague. Crossing her arms, she stared at Petra's excited face before her. \
*"I wanted to inform you about Moondial's findings in Oceana, Maria."* Petra started, her hands vanishing into her coat's pockets as her eyes darted slightly to the side. *"We've had Oceana-1 in orbit for the past two years, and deployed Pond-1 near the Northern block 7-41 for local planetary research, to see what answers an ocean planet would bring."* She continued, sighing deeply and pausing for a moment before continuing once more. *"That had been your suggestion fourteen years ago, to deploy a data satellite near the Aereusa islands, as awkward as that makes the entire idea of Moondial."* \
**"I don't think I understand what you're getting at."** Maria interrupted her, preventing her from trailing off too much further than necessary. She had already disturbed her train of thoughts already, and with her brows furrowed, Maria began to remember why the two had split off to begin with. It was odd, directionless conversations like these that began to irk the two far too much back in 2085. 

*"Fine."* Petra sighed. *"Pond-1 found life."* \
**"Life..?"** Maria gasped. Finding life in the galaxy on another planet had always been a question she never thought she'd get to solving in her lifetime. Even if immortality would be on the cards, she never imagined hearing that another planet within their galaxy would host life. And yet, it seemed like that unbreakable wall had now been broken. **"Cellular life, or..?"** She continued, muttering in disbelief. \
Petra nodded in response, interrupting Maria in the process. *"It's mostly dead cells that we filtered from the ocean in North 7-4, but it does hint towards cellular life. Obviously, it's not intelligent life, but it's been too short to know whether we're looking at bacteria, or the remains of algae."* She said, sighing deeply and looking to the floor in a defeated manner before continuing. *"But whatever angle you take, we're looking a species of life one way or another, and it's complicating our puzzle of the universe in more ways than even you can imagine."*

## 9 - To Worlds Beyond
### Sketch
The next few weeks following the gruesome fate of the **Silver Pike** are hectic, and all over the place for Maria to handle. 
1. The **Platinum Halberd** carries the **Silver Pike** back towards Lumen, to eventually undergo repairs there and to ultimately become scrap material for the **Platinum Halberd**. The Alessi Shuttles now only exist through the 328 alone. 
2. *Petra* informs Maria that her team at Moondial orbiting Oceana has discovered a form of life. Although it's microscopic in size, there are still fragments of cellular life found. Despite their unsteady relationship, Petra still invites Maria to join her in the research work aboard Oceana-1. 
3. Despite Thomas's departure from Carbine, work on a next generation of Alessi Shuttles hasn't reached a standstill, and through Mana, Maria is informed that *Dr. Victor Haybrad* has put this next generation of shuttles, numbered 330 and onwards, is ready for Maria's review. (*// For visual references, a ship will be built in Starfield.*)
4. From the surviving crew of the **Platinum Halberd**, *Cisila* sticks out like a sore thumb to Maria, for a reason she struggles to put her finger on. Each time her file comes across her table, she recognises her face from somewhere long in the past, but struggles to understand *why* it's so familiar. However, it doesn't take long for her to remember that two decades in the past, a woman named *Gradient* shared a similar appearance to Cisila. (*// Will Maria be able to connect the dots? Currently, a meeting is already written between the two, where Maria reveals to Cisila that she is in fact cloned from Gradient. However, how did that surface? Are any internal documents from SOLARdawn in the 2070s made public, or have ended up on the streets? A lot of room for interpretation is open here, and this especially depends on how the stories surrounding SOLARdawn (**Heavy Rainfall Warning**, **ANGEL**, **A NEW DAWN**) will unfold.*)
5. Maria's own work doesn't reach a standstill either. The age old question that Raléi had asked her all these years ago still lingers in her head, and will do so until Maria herself too dies. *"Do you think there's more out there?"* Raléi had asked her. Maria was certain of her answer all those years ago. **"Without a doubt."** She had replied. Even in 2096, all these years after Raléi's death, she is still certain of it. Now her eyes are fixated on proving it.
### Points 3 + 5: Untitled
As if a fog had settled on the floor in the café, she felt as if she was completely isolated from everyone around her. There were no tables surrounding her, no distant chatter, no sounds coming from any direction. All that her eyes allowed her to see, and her ears allowed her to hear, were the seas of papers and her own thoughts cycling back and forth through her head. The Alessi Shuttles had made their return to the ARC, and thus, to Lúniks, a few days ago, and the decontamination of the Silver Pike was in the highest gear possible. Whatever mysteries the crew, or any survivors thereof had witnessed, would be revealed to the ARC by that distinct division within the space station. To Maria, this book was already closed, and the next iteration of humanity's journey was now scattered before her eyes on the laminated desk. 

**"If the cosmos stretches on infinitely, is there an end?"** She caught herself mumbling, and even though her ears perked upright upon the quiet sound of footsteps approaching her, it didn't disturb her deep thought process. **"Yet if it's finite, is there a cosmic barrier..?"** \
Her hand was pressed firmly against her mouth, and her eyes looked at the ocean of words decorating the papers before her. Despite her glasses adjusting and correcting her eyesight, she still only saw nothing more than a blur in this very moment, and while the approaching footsteps couldn't disturb her, a tap on her shoulder did. 
*"Dr. Limáida.."* A familiar, quiet voice spoke to her, and with her own ears perking up once more in surprise, Maria now found herself completely disconnected from herself, having snapped out of her deep thoughts. *"Sorry..! I didn't mean to disturb.."* The young woman immediately apologised, and pressing her hands together, she was caught off guard herself too. Shaking her head, Maria shrugged it off herself, not shifting the blame to the young attendant, or to anyone for that matter, and simply smiled back warmly. **"It's nothing. What is it, Mana?"** She said with a calm voice, putting the young woman at ease again, as she scrambled her original words back together. *"R..right..! Dr. Haybrad wanted you to see him. It's related to the Alessi Shuttles and Thomas's blueprints, and a potential replacement for the Silver Pike. More he didn't tell me, though.."* Nana's eyes drifted to the side, and a slight blush appeared in her cheeks, causing a quiet chuckle to leave Maria's lips. After all, she was fully aware of what must've been going through the young woman's mind in the past days. She was designated to be a messenger within Carbine, following an internship at the ARC, but with the lack of experience and especially with the lack of knowledge, she occasionally struggled, and tripped over her own work, adding salt to healing wounds as time progressed. \
With a warm smile on her face, Maria stood up, already having collected and stuffed her folder with the pile of papers in the table, and rested her hand on Mana's shoulder. **"That's fine, Mana, you've informed me well enough."** She said into her ear, looking Mana into her eyes, which was home to an ever-growing sparkle. **"I'll check in with Victor. Treat yourself with something nice, Mana, my treat."**

*//*
