# A Spider's Web
## Backstory
In **2067**, **Carbine Industries** would embark on a dangerous journey to rival **Hammerhead** in the production of experimental technology and weaponry. This sparked the construction of the **Kósfrii** research site, decorated and powered by various nuclear energy generators, as well as the first Carbine-built *Nuclear Fusion Reactor*. All in all, things stayed functional from its activation in **2071** throughout **2073**, where in the latter year the experimental branches began to utilise the two reactors.

**A Spider's Web** is the internal project name within Carbine, which would serve as a "web" to answering the many questions regarding the use for nuclear fusion energy, as well as using it to create and maintain experimental weaponry. **Hammerhead**'s **EPZ90**, a prototyped railgun that was set to replace its more traditional parallel **HR75** sniper rifle. Where Carbine would always find itself one step behind Hammerhead's advancements, they hoped to leap in front of them with the Spider's Web project.

It would remain nothing more than hopes, however. In late **2073**, the fusion reactor **Alpha** suffered a technical issue and was forced to shut itself down, which caused the backup nuclear reactors in **Kósfrii** and **Jánhul** to start working to make up for the loss of power. This meant, however, that the previously underused reactor in Kósfrii would soon suffer the same fate and suffer a reactor meltdown from poor maintenance and a sudden spike in demand. This meltdown would quickly chain with the reactor in Jánhul, which needed to work overtime to catch up with the loss of power generation of the Kósfrii reactor, before the latter would eventually ignite itself and catastrophically explode, spreading toxic fires throughout the reactor halls that refused to be extinguished.

Carbine would lay down their work for the rest of the decade, the loss of life simply being incomparable to any previous project that they had lead before the Kósfrii accident. The only thing they would still undertake as a team, was the creation of domes around the Kósfrii and Jánhul reactors to prevent further radiation from being emitted. 

## Synopsis
*// A more routine, simple three-stage story. Introduction into modern day, climax with the accident occurring, and an epilogue with what decisions Carbine makes afterwards.*

## 1 - A glimpse of tomorrow
### October 16th, 2073
**"Miss Limáida?"** A voice called into the group of people standing before him. Within the crowd, a hand appeared above the heads of others, and slowly moved forward. *"Miss Limáida."* She began, shaking the hand of the man who had called out for her. *"Here for the Carbine internship. I take it you are Mr. Evans?"* \
The man nodded, and the two made their way away from the crowd that was surrounding them. No heads were turning in the packed hallways. Trains had to be caught, and there was no time to investigate whoever was calling out for whoever. Life remained in motion, no matter the circumstances. 

The two had made their onto their own train, and finding a seat as the train departed towards **Kósfrii**, the formal introductions began. The young woman was facing a somewhat older man before her, with nothing but a foldable table and a bit of leg room separating the two. He revealed a folder with documents, which appeared to be related to the reasoning the two found each other on this train in this very moment. Every document in the folder was stamped with the same triangle logo, belonging to **Carbine Industries**, which had a few research sites in the south of Thórirsant. While the train was headed for Lóuskan, it would pass by Kósfrii, their destination.

**"Let's keep it simple, Maria, I'll be your supervisor during your internship, you can simply call me Owen. I assume you've already read up on the emails we've sent you?"** He began, keeping his hands on the table, resting gently on the folder of papers that were laid out beneath them. \
The young woman nodded in response. *"I'd walk along with the research team at the Kósfrii reactor for the first three months, right?"* Owen smiled back at her. **"Eager to learn, you're a better fit than we could ever have dreamed of."**

The two would go over the documents together, revealing sensitive information while the train would continue onwards to their destination of Kósfrii. The reactors that Maria and Owen were headed towards, were opened not too long ago, in **2070**, as part of their **Spider's Web** project. Carbine as a whole has been setting foot deeper and deeper into experimental technology and weaponry, and the Spider's Web was just the start of something bigger. The various reactors that were built in the Carbine Experimental Area were all intended to provide backup power to their central Kósfrii reactor: The **Central Fusion Reactor**. It's intended that the fusion reactor could provide enough stable power for Carbine to conduct research without limiting power in any form or shape. The traditional nuclear fission reactors located in Kósfrii, Jánhul, and Desbecze would provide the backup power to keep the fusion reactor stable and operational. \
**"And that's where you'll walk along with me and the rest of the research team."** Owen concluded, finishing perfectly as the train chimed that the next stop would be Kósfrii. Maria nodded with a wide, enthusiastic smile on her face. Despite her young age, she had been considered a prodigy in her early school years, specialising herself in the various fields of science, with the dream of solving the mysteries that were left behind by the previous generations of humanity. Having been born in Jóthul, she couldn't help but wonder how humanity had made their way to Lúniks before her birth, and what other mysteries were left for her to figure out and solve. And with that thought deeply store in the back of her mind, she pushed herself to study hard, to break through the limits and reach beyond anyone's expectations. The internship at Carbine had been a long-lasting dream of hers, and now she was on the doorstep of experiencing it. Experimental technologies could be the key to some of the answers to questions she still had, and even at her young age, it would only mean her life would be one full of experiences and discoveries to come.

*//*

**"You are Maria, I've heard?"** A gentle voice called from across inside the room that Owen had guided me towards. I'd already been given the chance to change into a proper lab coat, and was already informed about the routines that I would go through on a day-to-day basis during my internship. But the biggest task for the remainder of the day was to meet the rest of the team that I would walk together with: *"Carbine research team 25"*, they were commonly referred to, and they were often in control of the management of the Kósfrii reactor with occasional shifts at the Central Fusion reactor, too. \
**"Not dozing off, are we? Don't leave me hanging!"** The same voice laughed, suddenly snapping me out of my daydreams and promptly shaking the hand of the man before me. His expression was genuine and friendly, and his smile alone already made me feel welcome, as I nodded in response. *"S-sorry! Been a long day at the reactor, it's Maria.. Maria Limáida."* I chuckled, looking further through the room to see the rest of the team. The young man aside, I only saw two more men and two more women seated before me, all busy going through the data they had gathered from the status of the Kósfrii and Jánhul reactors. **"I'm Karim Aziz, but just Karim is fine."** He began with a wide smile on his face, letting go of my hand and pointing at the rest of the team. **"There's Luke, Michelle, David, and Leah. They're too deep into the Kósfrii data now, so I'll properly introduce you to them later today, but I'll guide you through the usual schedule for your next weeks."** He finished, waving Owen goodbye as he made his way back to his own post, before giving Maria a place to sit down to, offering her something to drink. \
*"Just mint tea is fine, thank you."* She replied, taking her seat at the table in the break room and skimming through the papers Owen had given her on the train. She glanced at the clock hanging on the wall. *Six hours ago already..* she thought to herself, tapping her fingers on the table while waiting for Karim to make his way back, and like clockwork, the door opened as soon as the thought entered her mind.

Maria's schedule wasn't going to be packed from the very first day onwards. She'd mostly follow Karim around, and occasionally tag along with the rest of the research team while they'd conduct experiments. But overall, the days would be fairly simple. Karin would explain to her what research they'd conduct on either the Kósfrii or Central reactors, and together with the team, Maria would go over the data as a result, calculate and make changes accordingly, and conclude the research in the very same day. While sounding dull, Maria's eyes sparkled as Karim guided her through her day-to-day planning. The thought of being given the opportunity to play around with physics, with science, was something she had dreamed of doing back when she was still in school. She never expected to find herself in nuclear fusion engineering, but now that she was here, she wasn't going to let this slip through her fingers. She was nearly achieving her dreams, even if they were not yet set in stone, or had even been fabricated at all, it would materialise in her very palm as she opened her hand before her, sparkles appearing and swirling around above it, as if she was holding the universe before her eyes.

Such dreams would continue day in, day out. But even so, the sparkle that appeared every night and every morning in her very palm continued to give her hope, and continued to cement her dreams in her mind. Wherever this internship would bring her, it was going to answer the questions she had been asking herself since her youth. *"Is there more out there?"*

## 2 - Your new everyday
### Synopsis
Walking along during your internship at the reactors may seem like a simple thing, but the technologies and systems involved are much more complex than just that. While her day-to-day may be considered dull by most, to Maria, it's a dream come true. And day in and day out, she will walk along with the rest of her team during her three-month internship at Carbine, giving her a first-hand view of what the future might hold.
### October 25th, 2073
Travel between Dázlacé and Kósfrii was a breeze. She'd take the bus to Jóukmandar, and from there on, it would only take one more train between the connecting cities before she'd reach the Kósfrii research site. A 30-minute commute might be considered long to some, but after all, Maria was well aware that she was crossing a border on the daily, even if Kósfrii was right beside the border of her home nation, Jóthul.

**"This may seem a little dull a request, Maria, but would you like to change the fuel load in reactor 2?"** A voice called out for her as she was eyeing through the numbers that had been given to her soon after completing research the week before. The team had been trying out various loads of fuel supply for the reactors to determine what fuel type and amount would suffice for generating power for the Central Reactor, and while they were nearing the completion of this part of the puzzle, it wouldn't be a research month at Carbine if the details weren't worked out. The voice belonged to Leah, a colleague that Maria had started to get along with pretty well together with Karim, and giving her a thumbs up back, Maria wrapped up the numbers for the time being and made her way to the lower floor, where the second reactor was installed. 

**"Raise rods D3 and E3, and insert rods F2 through F4. That should change the load accordingly."** Leah instructed her through the earpiece. Despite plenty of staff being present at the reactor site itself, it was mostly off limits to go near the reactor itself. Even with the obvious risk of radiation looming on the reactor site, the reactor itself was buried deep in the pool of water, and another radiation shield was present above it. Maria wouldn't even need to see with her own eyes whether the correct rods were inserted or not, the control room would detect it automatically, saving her a peek above the pool, or even a lethal dose of radiation into her eyes. With a simple command line on the terminal adjacent to the reactor pool, she could see the **D3** rod turn off, followed by the **E3** rod turning off as well, signifying that they'd been raised out of the reactor. *"D3 and E3 raised."* She informed Leah, before returning her hands to the keyboard below her fingers. *"Inserting.."* she mumbled to herself as she watched the **F2** and **F3** rods light up on the display beside her accordingly. But after a few seconds of silence, the **F4** rod finally lit up as well, as Maria let out a deep sigh of relief before tapping her earpiece again. *"Rods F2, F3, and F4 inserted! The latter had a little mishap, and took a while longer, but the load should be changed now!"* She told Leah with a wide smile on her face. Twirling her hands together, she rolled the chair to the edge of the control panel and stood up, smiling even wider as she heard the buzzing of the reactor begin to intensify. Maria had gone through this routine plenty of times already, where either Leah, David, or herself would change the fuel load, and the remaining three of the team would keep an eye on the reactor and feed the data towards the system for everyone to analyse once the day reaches its end. Even if it was practically the same every day, Maria's eyes sparkled as she stared deeply at the reactor shield before her, the buzzing of the reactor giving her the energy to go forward every single day. She felt like a little kid with her hands stuck to the window, eyeing something that she desperately wanted to get at the toy store. But to her, that feeling had never dissipated. She was eyeing the future, and even if the days were dull to some, and repetitive to others, she knew this journey would be worth it. 

**"Stuck listening to the humming of the reactor again, Maria?"** Leah giggled through her earpiece, Maria's silence having become routine every time the rest of the team would begin the usual reactor cycles. *"It's a dream come true every single time, it's a soothing sound."* Maria giggled back, sitting back in her chair to stare at the ceiling. The particles that appeared every night in her palm were reappearing before her once more, as she gazed deeper at the ceiling, looking beyond it, beyond the roofs of the reactor building, beyond the atmosphere, into deep space. The particles swirled around in circles slowly, revolving around her hand as she held it upright towards the clouds, towards the rest of the galaxy. Her question never faded, and never would fade either. She would pick up the scraps that humanity had left behind for her many decades ago. Lúniks would only be the start, mastering the science behind power generation would solve many more issues that they were facing today, and would surely lead the way forward to many more planets to come, many more opportunities to grasp. It would all start here, and as the particles around her hand stayed in place in her palm, she firmly clenched her hand to hold them all dearly. It had been just a week, but it was the start of a long, long journey ahead of her.


## 3 - Challenging the universe
### Drafted synopsis
With high risks come high rewards. But with high risks also come great disasters. During a visit to the Central Fusion Reactor, an instability appears and the reactor shuts itself down as a precautionary measure. However, the chain reaction requires the backup reactors in Kósfrii and Jánhul to suddenly produce an incredible amount of energy that they fail to achieve, which causes a spectacular meltdown and explosion within the Kósfrii reactor. 
### November 23rd, 2073
Even though she had been setting foot in the reactor grounds for the past week already, the mysterious atmosphere that loomed in the halls of the *Central Fusion Reactor* kept sending a warm chill through her body every time she stared at the enormous reactor through the elevated hallways. The thought alone already excited her, and made her eager to take part in achieving the impossible, in unlocking the keys to the universe. Every corner she turned, she'd try to take a glance at the enormous feat of technology that was present in the main hall. A modern era *fusion reactor*, something that had been in development for over a century, but every time humanity found themselves on the doorstep of solving the puzzles that the fusion reactor brought along with it, more troubles would appear, and over a hundred years later, Maria and the rest of the team at Carbine found themselves at a similar doorstep once more. It would be a trial run to achieve net power, meeting the requirements that had been set a few years ago when the project became a reality. The fusion reactor would attempt to generate peak energy in an efficient manner, and as a result, the power would be channelled towards Pahlatlán in order to provide extreme power for Carbine's experimental weapons department. And after enough delays and hundreds of equipment checks, the hurdle that Carbine had been stuck on for all this time would finally be overcome. 

**"Are you nervous, Maria?"** Karim asked her with a wide smile on his face, placing his hand on her shoulder as he followed her gaze at the reactor beneath them. In response, Maria shook her head, averting her gaze from the reactor to look Karim directly into his eyes. *"Not quite nervous, no."* She began, returning her eyes towards the reactor. Various groups of engineers and scientists had made their way towards the engine already, and it seemed like the routine checkups were about to begin. *"I just wonder how many more secrets this reactor can solve for us."* \
**"You're by far the most amazing student we've had in years, Maria."** Karim suddenly said, interrupting her train of thoughts as she turned to her right to meet eyes once more. **"You have it in your eyes, that desire to solve the puzzles, the eagerness to gather answers for the hardest questions."** He said with a wide smile on his face, tapping her shoulder a few times as his eyes returned towards the reactor as well, the routine checkups already having begun as the group of scientists made their way around the reactor. **"If it weren't for your scholarship, I'd have loved to spend the rest of my science career with you. Our specialities might differ, but I think our dreams are alike."** \
Maria kept her eyes locked on Karim's face, blushing in surprise, not expecting such a compliment at all, let alone today. She wouldn't be involved in the trial run of the reactor all too much, and her team was only here to witness the inaugural procedure run its course, which caused a compliment like Karim's to catch her off guard. *"T-Thank you..? Thank you.."* She mumbled back, returning her gaze towards the reactor too. The spots of scientists dressed in white were quick to finish the routine checks, and before long, it would be powered on and whirr to life, enabling the first of many steps towards the solutions to all the puzzles she saw appear before her. 

*// cont. Reactor begins process, Maria and the rest of her team make their way to the control room to oversee the reactor. Looking out the window, Maria can see the particles around her hand begin to form too, swirling around her hand as the reactor begins to whirr and buzz more loudly as the project progresses. Every reactor, those in Kósfrii and Jánhul, were powering the Central Fusion reactor in Kósfrii, which itself was now providing power to Pahlatlán. Every reactor was part of an interconnected series or reactors, creating a web, which is the reason for the codename **Spider's Web**. But trying to grasp the particles in her hand once more, the **Web** snaps out of place and the fusion reactor shuts itself down as a precautionary measure. The particles in Maria's hand completely vanish, and in the far distance, an explosion can be heard. The Kósfrii reactor, which had been providing power as a backup for the central reactor, suddenly had to provide an infinite amount of power the second it shut itself down, which caused the traditional fission reactor to become unstable, and fatefully, melt down and explode.*

## 4 - A glimpse of yesterday
### Drafted synopsis
With Carbine now having no fusion reactor to utilise, and needing to suddenly deal with the cleanup of two reactors that have failed, Maria's internship reaches a premature ending. Together with the rest of her research team, she finds a place to take a break at in a watchtower about a kilometre away. In the days since the incident, she receives an invitation for an internship at the Álef Metro now that her Carbine internship reached an abrupt end. 
### November 24th, 2073
**"You're leaving for Álef, Maria?"** Karim asked the young woman. Sitting far away from the accident site, the two were smoking a cigarette. The radiation that was being emitted was invisible, and from this distance it was harmless too, but the enormous plumes of smoke were robbing Choreos of showing her beauty. Maria nodded, followed by a deep sigh as she placed her cigarette back onto the ashtray. *"I was offered another internship at the Álef Metro, and Laruina isn't extending my internship here either."* She chuckled after realising what she said, looking up to face the trail of smoke before them. *"It's not like there's much for me to do anymore either way. I just hope it won't affect Jóukmandar too much.."* \
Karim pressed his hand against Maria's shoulder, tapping it gently to comfort her. **"It should be a northwestern wind, away from Jóthul altogether."** He begun, taking a puff of his cigarette before continuing. **"They're also neutralising the reactors as we speak, so the damage should be minimal."** \
