# Once We Reach Lúniks - Story
**Once We Reach Lúniks** is the story of the first two spaceships that landed in the designated area where the capital **Nóve Réjkjavik** was to be built. Together with trained astronauts and researchers, **Jonathán Thórirsonn**,  who was the brain behind the research and discovery of the planet, had undergone intensive training to become capable and ready to undergo such a flight, enabling him to become the first person to set foot on this new planet. 

## Once we reach Lúniks
### Embarquement Terminée
The hatch closed, the and the cabin was soon to be pressurised. Timo waved through the little window and gave a big thumbs up while stepping away from the exploration ship. At this stage, there was no turning back, and everyone that boarded the ship was fully aware of this. All 10 people, spread over the two ships, were about to write history, about to embark on a journey that would be the first of many million to come. It wasn't something out of the ordinary, humans have gone through the Panjit loop before just fine, even aboard **Zero**, everything was like normal. But this mission would go a step further, this mission would lead to landing on Lúniks, for the first time in the history of mankind.

Flipping the final switches, the rockets ignited and idled, something that they've gone through at least a hundred times by now. Even for experimental ships, these were already thoroughly tested and declared safe, giving a sense of hope and safety to the astronauts embarking into the unknown. Across the window, Timo closed the door on the ship on the opposing end, which quickly followed the same routine of igniting the engines, and getting themselves ready for departure. The protocol was straightforward, and something that the head pilots of both ships, Mila and Ilya, had gone through hundreds of times in the simulators. Depart from a runway takeoff, and climb to space at a 60 degree angle, before breaking through the atmosphere. From there on, Control in Geneva would take care of opening the Panjit Loop, and from that point, text protocols would guide them towards their landing zone. Flipping through the last pages, both pilots knew that their setup was complete. The boarding ladders rolled away from the spaceships, and both began to taxi to the runway, ready for takeoff.

### Through the Loop / In Orbit
**"Control, we entered Earth's orbit, awaiting response."** Ilya transmitted back to Control in Geneva, before leaning back in the chair and stretching his arms. A long journey was ahead for not just him, nor the crew that boarded his ship, but also for the ship that was tailing him. He, just like the nine others, were about to make the next step in humanity's legacy in the universe, but despite such a burden resting on his and the others' shoulders, he wasn't all too affected by the pressure. 

*"Message to Alfa, Control speaking. We're opening the Loop for you. Accelerate to 75% and be ready for a jump."* Control replied after about five minutes of waiting. Pushing the thrusters to 75% as ordered, Ilya tugged his belts and harness to check for defects before the jump. He raised one finger upwards and turned around, raising another finger each time a crewmate indicated no issues with their gear. Counting five, he smiled widely, telling them to get ready for the jump, before getting himself ready to jump as well. **This is it.** He thought to himself, eyeing the controls and gauges that decorated the enormous dashboard of the ship. Next to **Zero** and **One**, this ship was Aélu's brainchild. Every ounce of his knowledge in spacecraft was carefully poured into developing this ship, and making it a reality. **Oxygen fine, pressure fine, thrusters fine..** Ilya mumbled to himself, before the light of the stars in the far distance began to warp before them.
The Loop had opened, and as they entered, a last voice message from Control echoed through the cabin of the ship.

*"Message to Alfa, Control speaking. Godspeed, and good luck. Message to Beta. We-"*

*//*

As is routine, a strange, cosmic force would put pressure on your body momentarily, but disappear before you even had realised what happened. Like many times before, Ilya went through this cosmic force, a flash of warped light streaking past the windows, before being met with the beauty of Lúniks before their eyes. In all her glory, dressed beautifully with her moon orbiting beside her, there she was. Once known as Choreos-RP-4, quickly dubbed as Lúniks, quickly understood as the destination of humanity's future. **"Control.."** Ilya began, holding the transmitter to his lips, awestruck at the sheer size and beauty of the planet before him. **"We've entered Luniks' orbit, awaiting response."** Unbuckling his harness and belts, he stands up from his chair, the artificial pressure keeping his feet stuck to the floor, even in orbit in zero-gravity. *"Message to Alfa, Control speaking. Beta will follow you within a minute and is within the Loop now. Protocol is due in ten minutes. Until then, enjoy this view, Alfa."*

**"You've heard Control,"** Ilya began, turning around to face his four other crewmates, **"Enjoy the view. We'll get personal with her in ten minutes."** \
Watching the other four unbuckle their harnesses and belts, he turns around after a moment to gaze at the beauty of Lúniks before his eyes. He'd seen this view twice before, but time and time again the beauty of the untouched world before him amazed him again and again. It almost hurt him knowing that this planet would lose its true natural beauty after **One** was set to land, but even so, he knew that it was a necessary step for humanity to take. And it was one that couldn't be so easily ignored, especially now that they were orbiting this planet. It was within reach, it would be a waste to not take this opportunity with both hands. But getting lost in his head, he was suddenly brought back to his senses, a gentle amount of turbulence notifying him and the team that the other ship, Beta, had entered orbit as well. Time was beginning to tick down, it wasn't much longer before history would be made. 

*"Message to Alfa, Beta, Control speaking."* The radio in both of the spaceships began, with all members of both crews eagerly looking at the speaker. *"You are cleared to land in the marked spot on your maps in Nóve Réjkjavik. Protocol as follows: Jonathán will exit first, followed by Ilya, followed by the remaining three of Alfa. Beta, you will follow after. Godspeed and good luck, Earth is watching."*
 
### Welcome to the Future
Just moments after the crew had returned to their seats, Ilya resumed control of Spaceship Alfa and gradually began the descent towards the planet. Nóve Réjkjavik was supposedly an enormous grass field, and ELL-4 and ELL-5 both hadn't spotted any life in this area. It was a peaceful place, a peaceful grass landscape that was basking in exotic flora and fauna, and was soon to be disturbed by the quiet whine of the spaceship's thrusters upon landing. \
In due time, both Alfa and Beta had broken through Lúniks' weaker atmosphere, beginning to slow down as they approached the digitally marked landing zone. Ilya's heart was racing. He'd landed on Earth plenty of times, and even made an emergency landing in grass fields once or twice before. This shouldn't be a hard task for him to tackle, but the fact that it was on a grass field that no human had ever been before, began to stir up his insides. He shook his head, whispering **"no time for second thoughts"** to himself as he deployed the landing gear and landing thrusters. It was just 10 more kilometres before touchdown, 8, 6, 4, 2, 1. The ground was coming in close, and the ship's speed was rapidly declining during its descent. The ground was coming closer, 800 metres, 500 metres, 200 metres, 100 metres, 50.. 20.. 

**"Control,"** Ilya began, a smile on his face from ear to ear as he looked around to face his crew aboard Alfa. **"Touchdown."**

And just like that, humanity had landed on an exoplanet. 

*//*

Flipping various switches and turning off the thrusters, Ilya takes a deep breath, unbuckling his belts and harness once more as he stands up from his chair, adjusting to the oddly similar gravity on Lúniks. The rest of the crew was quick to follow, and holding a flag was Jonathán, the discoverer of Lúniks way back in 1994. Tears were already in his eyes, emotions were beginning to overwhelm him. It was already surreal enough for him to discover an exoplanet in the first place, but physically being on the same planet that he discovered just a mere 11 years later was really beginning to get to him now. He wiped his tears, hugging every single member of his crew as Beta initiated a landing beside the landing zone of Alfa. *This is really happening*, he thought to himself, still in awe at the beauty of the planet he had just landed on, *this is really happening..*

**"Get ready for depressurisation"** Ilya said, flipping a switch as everyone's ears popped. Not long after, he turned a lever, and opened the door to the fresh, natural air of Lúniks. ELL-5 had proven to Control in Geneva and to the Observatory in Lappland that it was safe for humans to breathe, and that is was practically identical to the oxygen that lingered in Earth's atmosphere. The automated stairwell opened up beneath him, the pathway to the future was just a mere few steps away, as Ilya guided him downwards. With the flag of Lúniks, of Thórirsant, the nation named after him, his family, Jonathán took the first few steps downwards with tears streaming down his cheeks. The feeling that it was a dream wouldn't go away, but even so, he continued downwards to the grassy floor of what was soon to be the capital of his nation, the capital of the planet. Everything was adding up, and everything was coming together. At the last step of the stairwell, he took one more step forward, the sole of his shoes touching the planet Lúniks, the first of many billions, trillions of steps to follow. 

Without a second thought, he pressed the flag down into the floor, the wind picking up as if the universe had paved the way all the way to this very point. The smell of the fresh air of Lúniks was something he was ready to get used to, it was something he was eager to smell every day. The dawn of the next chapter in humanity was official, and Jonathán Thórirsonn, in all his glory and emotions, was the first to set foot here.

Holding the firmly footed flag in his hand, Jonathán turned around to face Ilya and the rest of the crew that was gradually making their way down the stairwell. With a loud, emotional sniff, he spreads his arms wide, basking in the fresh air, basking in Choreos's sunlight, something that no human had ever experienced before, but was set to experience many, many more times in the future. *"Take a deep breath!"* he laughed, the crew of Beta slowly making their way down their stairwell as well. History had just been written, and the ten of them were slowly beginning to realise this. *"The future starts here!"*
